Welcome everybody to today's live stream Shipit on live stream. I'm so sorry that we we have been delayed. I don't know if it's the hot weather or something else getting into the technology, but we had a few issues, but now we're here. That's the main thing. And you'll see plenty of faces on the screen. We've got a an exciting cast today joining joining me for for the session. So I will go ahead and share my screen and we'll get into it. Okay. Okay, this this is the next piece of the technology that I really hope works. Let's see. All right. Run button, don't click that. There we go. All right. Everyone can see that now. Yes. All right, Dan's giving me the okay. All right, so the focus of today's session is all about Stripe actually and we've got two different areas that we're going to cover today. We're going to start off by looking at Stripe projects which is like a relatively newish feature that Stripe have launched and that RevenueCat has launched support for. So we'll be getting into that. And then we're going to tackle another topic which is web funnels and how you can use both RevenueCat and Stripe to build a build a web funnel think about acquiring users on the web and untangle that whole area. It's a it's an area we get a lot of questions about and I think if you're aiming to grow your users as much as possible before the end of the Shipit on window, it's definitely something you want to be you want to be looking into further. So we'll be diving into that as well. And glad to say we have this all-star cast with me for today's session. So I'm Matt. I lead partnerships at RevenueCat. If you've joined one of these streams before, you've probably you've probably seen me. All I'm doing today is hosting. I'm going to let everybody else be the be the experts. But yeah guys, let's go around the room quickly. Let's do some quick intros so everybody knows who you are and and what you do. Maybe we can just work around uh, order they are on the screen. So, uh, Josh, do you want to do you want to go first and say hi? >> Oh, I'm first. Uh, hello everybody. Uh, I'm Josh Holtz. Uh, I'm currently on the developer experience team here at RevenueCat. Uh, before this I've been on funnels, paywalls, our SDK team. Uh, I've been around a bit, but my current focus is on developer experience and making sure that anybody who uses our platform, uh, uses it in the most, uh, friction-less and most ergonomic ways. >> Awesome. Uh, I'm Dan. Uh, I run product for our paywalls and funnels products at RevenueCat. Uh, before that time I worked at a subscription app portfolio dealing with all of the pains and joys and struggles and frustrations of trying to grow grow a subscription app business. Uh, now I aim to solve those problems for tens of thousands of apps instead of the uh, the handful we had. So, excited to chat about that today. >> [snorts] >> I'm Gordon Diggs. I'm an engineering manager at Stripe working on a team focused on third-party integrations for between Stripe users and and other companies like RevenueCat. >> Everyone, uh, my name is Caleb Cypress. I'm an account executive for the Stripe managed payments product, which is Stripe's merchant of record offering that helps uh, companies scale globally and capture more of their global audience. >> Awesome. All right, great stuff. Let's keep let's keep rolling. So, uh, the usual call out here. We do these sessions live mainly so that they can be interactive. Uh, gives you a chance to ask questions. So, if you are watching this on YouTube, uh, which we've confirmed is now working, uh, please use the chat to ask questions. I will um, I'll interrupt the guys as they're presenting and make sure we we answer anything live where it makes sense to do so. Um, if you're listening elsewhere, you don't have access to YouTube, you can drop into our ShipitOn Discord. We'll keep an eye on that and then you can ask a question there. And just a general call out to join the Discord if you're not already in there. If you're taking part in Ship it on, you're building a project, it's a great place to uh connect with other builders, ask questions, see what everyone else is up to. So, um so check that check that one out. Um all right, we have our regular quick callout for some building public um uh building public builders. Uh so, just for context, this year we have more categories than ever before for Ship it on. We have I think it's like 20 21 different prize categories. Uh so, that ranges from our our grand prize for the project that generates the kind of most amount of revenue and and grows the most during the 2-month window. Uh we have one for best design and and best launch, that kind of thing. But, then we have our our building public uh prize, and that celebrates builders that, as the name would suggest, uh build in public. And so, if you go to X or TikTok or or Instagram, and you search for the Ship it on hashtag, you can see lots of these uh these building public folks um sort of sharing what they're what they're doing. And so, what we like to do during these livestreams is call out a couple of examples and and favorites. So, I asked the RevenueCat folks, I asked Dan and Josh to pick a couple of projects and to give them a call out here. So, uh Dan, I think this first one on the left-hand side is you. Do you want to explain to everyone why this one caught your caught your eye? >> I I will, yeah. Uh Reese already got at it in the in the chat. Um they're one of the first users of our new custom components feature on on Paywalls. I I'm sorry to say I went through their tweets. I could not find the name of the app. So, I don't know what the app is. So, >> [laughter] >> they're still building it. So, we'll all find out together soon if you uh if you go follow along. Uh that custom component is basically just a way to take any, you know, arbitrary HTML and serve it through the paywall. So, you'll see when you go check it out on on X. Uh it's got this cool little animation uh at the top before it displays packages. Um I loved it. Thought it was really cool concept. >> [snorts] >> Awesome. And then Josh, this one in the middle? >> Yeah, this one's mine. Uh I was scrolling through this yesterday, and this one stood out mainly cuz uh I thought it was like cute and fun and it looked very like good vibes like. Uh I think it's a game. Uh it could be an email client, but it's a tank destroying some cardboard uh boxes with peanuts in them. Um so, I think if they're going for the game category as well they're building public, but uh I don't know what it is, but uh I am subscribed to this feed. >> Yeah, awesome. Because we've had a lot of uh people building games this year. I think this year is the first time we've had a dedicated games category. Uh and that's a good call out as well though cuz you can build for multiple categories at once. So, if you're building a game, you can still go for building public. You can still apply to to multiple different categories. Um So, the one on on the right-hand side was one that I picked out. This is Rimshad who I've been following actually since he started building uh for two reasons I picked this out. One, he's been experimenting with some different onboarding flows and I'm very easily impressed with animations and design like you see on the screen. So, that caught my eye. Uh but the second reason is that he's a great example of somebody building for our influencer category. So, this year is the first year we've had um a category where we've partnered with five I think it's five or six different influencers um across different areas, health and fitness, and productivity, and and and things. And they've provided a brief and some information on their audience. And so, if you don't have an idea on what to build, that's or sort of the the hurdle to getting involved in Shipyard, you can just build towards one of these briefs. You can design and build an app that that kind of uh meets those requirements. And so, that's what Rimshad is doing. Um he's building this this nutrition nutrition app. So, a good one to check out if the influencer category is something that you're you're thinking about entering. All right. Um very quick call out from me on the in-person event front. This is a a big aspect of Shipyard on every year. You can see we've got a ton of in-person events happening between now and the end of September. So, if you see a city there that you're either in or you're nearby and you'd love to attend an in-person and connect with other builders, um then you can head to the website and you can register for any of these events. If you are somewhere and you don't see your city listed and you'd like to host an event, that's also possible. We send out a Meetup in a Box kit, some swag, some food vouchers. So, we'll support you in hosting a Ship It On event if you'd like to do that in in your city. Um again, just head to the website. You can apply and register to uh to do that. All right, and that's it. That's me for the for the intro. So, I will stop sharing and I'm going to hand over to Gordon and to Josh to cover uh Stripe Projects. >> Awesome. Cool. Yeah, happy to jump into a quick overview of Stripe Projects. Let me just find the right tab to share here. Um so, there's a participation guide. Uh if you want to use Stripe Projects for um a project during this hackathon, um participants are eligible to earn $250 in Stripe credits uh when you use Projects to provision your service uh that you run from your your mobile app. Um I'll skip the requirements here. It's it's stuff that you probably have that you're probably watching this live stream on. Anyway, um but I want to talk a little bit about what Stripe Projects is. Um Stripe Projects is a CLI tool that we built at Stripe um that helps you or your agent spin up full stack apps uh with pre-configured providers like RevenueCat. Um think about database, auth, uh hosting, and and a lot more. Um you know, I think it fills a gap where uh you know, a lot of coding agents are very good at building your app, but not very good at deploying it. Um and this can come in and and help you uh deploy your app. Uh so, Projects handles account provisioning, um environment variables, and um billing uh methods all get, you know, one payment method across all of your cloud providers through Stripe. Um and uh we have about 60 or so providers on on Stripe uh on Stripe projects, so uh there should be plenty to use. So, some example apps you can build, things that that people have built with projects, AI chat app with memory using open router, Superbase and Vercel, a voice narrated blog, real-time analytics dashboards, you know, an AI image gallery if you want to use Hugging Face for for model inference to figure out like, you know, classifying apps, that kind of stuff, storing images on Cloudflare, that kind of stuff. Using projects is as simple as prompting very quickly. I'll just read one of these example prompts, but use the Stripe projects CLI to create a llama-themed to-do mobile app with persistent storage and off that allows me to access my account on the web. Use RevenueCat to manage subscription payments and recommend other services that are needed. So, very very easy to get started with with projects. You can add it with this very simple NPX command in your terminal or just tell your agent to install the Stripe CLI and the projects plugin. Or, you know, if you want to do that manually, you can also do that. Starting your Stripe projects project is very easy. All you do is run Stripe projects init, and we will set up some scaffolding for you, some local state files, we will install agent-specific or provider-specific skills and for projects as well to really help your agent use it, and a .env file where we will store things. Run through the different commands that you can sort of run with projects. Obviously, init, catalog will show you all of the providers. Adding a provider is as easy as running Stripe projects add, the name of the provider, um because we handle the off, we can pop open the dashboard for that provider right there. Um and you can track your your spending. And then when you want to share your project, if you want to build in the open, um and get that Stripe credit, uh you can use Stripe project share. A little bit more on that. Run Stripe project share, share to the leaderboard, um and then uh just submit it and you will be eligible for the Stripe credits. Let me share the the leaderboard really quickly. Um here's what we have so far for uh this hackathon. Um so you can vote on things here and uh submit your projects. All right. I think Josh you're going to just actually demo it for everyone. >> Yeah, I'm going to take over. I heard my mic was quiet. Am I good? Everybody else while I try and find my screen. Okay, I'm going to try and talk louder and directly into the mic. So, uh okay. Uh where am I? Where's mouse? Okay, cool. So, uh I am doing a little shameless plug here on my own Ship It On project that isn't shipped yet. Um but uh it does use Stripe projects. So, uh I'll just go I mean give a little demo here. It is an iOS app. Um I am uh notoriously bad at uh taking my laundry out of the dryer or have machines moving it around. So, I have this iOS app here to help me remind myself the state of all this. Um and one of the first things I did was I did an initialize it with Stripe projects. Uh so uh I have my Stripe CLI command already over here which uh outputs uh the help. Nothing uh that we're going to look at right now. But uh what I did was I ran Stripe login. That did in OAuth into my Stripe account that I have over here. Already logged in, so not going to show that. I also already ran stripe projects init as well. Um but we can see if I run stripe projects services, uh it'll show which which uh services or providers that I already have. Uh so I have Sentry linked to my iOS app over here um for all my crash reports that I will obviously have. Uh and then I have ElevenLabs also hooked up so I can get some cool sounds made for the laundry tumbling in the dryer. What I don't have in here yet is uh support for RevenueCat. Uh so that's what we are going to add today. Uh going to just reset this here and it is as easy as stripe projects add RevenueCat/app. So we're going to run this and internet is sometimes a little bit slow on my end in the basement over here. Uh but here we go. So this is going to add a RevenueCat app provider here. Um I'm going to agree accept to our terms and provision. So what this is doing next is this is going to create a RevenueCat account for me cuz I don't have an account already on my Stripe email. It's going to provision my account, my RevenueCat uh project, and a web app as well. I'll get into that later. Uh but my RevenueCat account is now created. Uh it did out output some of the secrets and stuff here that uh I may or may not need. But what I'm going to do first is I'm going to go to app.revenuecat.com and we'll see I'm logged out. Uh or I guess not logged in. We're going to run Stripe projects open RevenueCat. And this, assuming my default browser is the correct one right now, is going to open into my newly created account. So, I didn't have to do anything, didn't have to create an RC account, it's already linked automatically. Um, and one thing it did here was it created a web project for me, even though my project is an iOS app. Uh, one of the cool things here is that it did create a web project for me that is already pre-configured to use Stripe to bill for web. Uh, so when I'm all set to do app to web, web to app funnels level work, which Dan will cover next, I already have a project already set up for that. Um, but like from here now you're like, okay, like what do I do now that Stripe projects is connected? Uh, here is where we can take over um, with some of RevenueCat's AI tool kit type of work. Uh, and let's see, we're going to add our RevenueCat plugin here. Uh, install for me. I won't go through this whole thing cuz this can take time. Uh, but now I will auth in. Where's my Where's my MCP? Oh, wait, hold on. I have to reload plugins. Okay. Uh, reload plugins. MCP. All right, we're just going to We're just going to restart Claude. I went through this like eight times this morning and I don't know if it ever fully ran nicely. Uh, This is This is This is going to work. >> We're just collecting technical issues for fun this morning on this stream. >> Yeah. It says it's installed, doesn't it? Okay. Well, Oh, now Claude is just freezing. Okay, so the good good thing is this isn't not on any of us at the moment, I don't think. Uh we'll try one more time. Anyway, what you would do here, assuming that the MCP adds correctly into Claude, is you just be like, "Yo, uh add revenue cat iOS app and integrate SDK, blah blah blah blah blah." And then the robot takes care of all the work. Um but uh everything again is configured through Stripe Stripe projects. Uh didn't have to create any accounts or anything like that. Everything is just there. Very hands-free and agents can handle most of the work, so you can focus on making your very fun cool design app. I think I know. >> Awesome. Awesome. That was great. I mean there I know there's a lot of love in the chat for your for the actual app idea, Josh. So that what that one has to make it. No No pressure now, but that's got to make it to the to the store and be part of the the Yeah. >> This is my first focus and then tomorrow I can focus on my side projects. >> We have um for for context, we have a another one of the prize categories we have this year is the conflict of interest award, which is for uh RevenueCat employees, also for sponsor uh employees of sponsors. Uh Gordon and Caleb, if you feel if you're feeling inspired. Um so you don't win any cash for that one, but you do get your app on the the Time Square billboard. So there's still a there's still a cool incentive to build it. So yeah, Josh, you got to you got to you got to Yeah, you got to get that finished. Um although actually I'm I'm planning on winning that one. So actually if you don't, that's good cuz it's less it's less competition for me. Um >> That's going to be It's going to be rough. >> [laughter] >> Sorry, Matt, for your loss. >> Um all right, cool. I don't see any like questions in the chat on projects, but if anybody does have anything, um please drop it in there and we can we can make sure it's covered. Uh and so with that we'll we'll transition smoothly through to the focus on web. So Josh kind of mentioned it um and about the fact that when when you're when you provision account or actually, I'll take it Let me pause. Let me take a step back. One thing to mention is that as part of, uh, ShipitCon this year and as part of our Ship Kit, which is the the offers and the discounts and the the credits that you receive from some of our sponsors when you sign up. Um, if you go through the flow that Josh just, uh, talked uh, talked through, um, with Stripe projects and you provision your RevenueCat account that way, um, and you, um, continue building and get to the point where you process a live transaction with your RevenueCat account, then you are eligible for $250 in Stripe credits. I think Gordon touched on that at the start. And so, that's a really nice, um, give and you can then use those credits, uh, if you go on to build a web funnel, which Dan's going to talk about and you're using Stripe as your checkout provider, then that's a great way to to to leverage those, uh, to the those credits. So, that just wanted to to call that out. Um, and with that, we can now focus on on the website of things. So, Dan, I'm going to hand over to you, um, and let you take it take it from here. >> Yeah, totally. Um, so, first I guess maybe let me just start like very high level and explain like why you might even want to build a web funnel if you're building an app right now. Um, there there are a bunch of different reasons why why apps use web funnels. Um, one of the main reasons is, of course, on a website, you can iterate super quickly on the experience that you're providing to customers, you know, kind of like tinker with the the conversion rate optimization really really quickly, um, and not necessarily need to go through the app review process for that. So, that bit is great, right? Like you get web as the destination to to iterate on. Um, but one of the main reasons why is that like it open up tons of different marketing opportunities that might not either be available to your app directly or might just be harder to orchestrate through the app, right? Like, so, you know, all of the main, you know, ad networks, Meta, TikTok, Google Ads have like different offerings for how you can market, uh, a web app versus, uh, a mobile app experience. Um, things like influencer campaigns are super common to direct through web funnels because it's a little bit easier to do the attribution and connect back to them. Um so as you're exploring how to grow the app that you've built, there's a very, very good chance you're going to stumble upon web to app or web funnels as like something worth exploring to to open up new growth channels for. Um so because of all that, uh RevenueCat RevenueCat made a product called funnels that lets you very, very easily spin up a hosted funnel from RevenueCat right from our dashboard. Um so that's what I'm going to be showing off to you guys. Um So what you're seeing here, this this editor, this is basically an experience inside of RevenueCat's dashboard where you can go create whatever this hosted experience is that you want to serve to your customers. Um so when you go publish this, you get a URL that you can go put into any ad network you're using, influencer campaign, whatever, that'll take someone to this experience that you've custom designed. Um for anyone that's used our paywall editor before, this should feel very familiar. Like at a super high level, basically what each of these screens are is just a series of components. So like everything that's here and that's been designed was me going through designing this for my app, right? Like adding the images, the text, the buttons where it makes sense, like all of that layout is is fully customizable by me. Um I'm not going to go through that in detail on this call for the sake of time. You can go check that out yourself in the in the dashboard right now and and see how those things are built. Um what's super common with these web funnel experiences is to basically use them as a means of asking questions to your customers to kind of understand what their interest is or their goals are in your app. Uh excuse me. Um so that you can then personalize the experience on the other side of that. So what you're seeing in this flow that I've set up here is that basically what I'm doing is introducing someone to the concept of my app and then immediately diving into asking them questions. Um we call those inputs in RevenueCat, so this is just an input component that I give an identifier, right? So I said the question I'm asking is called goals. Each of these answers has an identifier with them, too, so I can understand what the user uh sent back. You can have single choice, multiple choice, text inputs, like a bunch of different options there. But importantly, that answer now then becomes a fact about the customer that I can use in this funnel. I'll show you how you do that. But it also gets saved to their customer profile as well. So like you're learning something about your customer before they've even gotten to the point of of downloading the app. Um and then as you do that, you can go segment the experience. So what's happening here is that just as a result of whatever they answer to this question, I'm serving them a different screen right after that that re-emphasizes whatever goal they told me that they have for the app. So it will help you improve your cardio, it'll help you with your workout habit, help you with your move goal, whatever the case may be. Um I could have designed that however I wanted to, right? I could have said these two options go to one screen, this third one goes to a different one, they all go to the same screen. It's entirely customizable. And the customization is like literally as simple as just like see that connector? I'm just going to press backspace to get rid of it and I can connect this screen to any other one that I want to. Like it's all drag and drop, like super easy to do. Um the other important thing you can do then though is as you serve, you know, this sequence of questions to customer to kind of like understand what their their profile is and their interests are, is then you can go really personalize the experience on the other side of that. Um in RevenueCat we call that branching. Um so I have this branch that's already set up here that's basically saying based on the customer's prior answers, what they told me about the metric that they're going to care most about for this fitness app, um I'm going to go serve them a different experience on the other side of that and focus on the metric that they already told me that they care about. Um and same thing, you can also add other things like the country that the customer is from, their locale, um anything that was attached to the URL as a parameter, you can add as conditional logic in these branches to segment the experience maybe based on the ad network that they came from. Um maybe the ad that they were served also told you something about their interest that you want to incorporate into the funnel. All of that is possible. Um from there just to brief through some of the other stuff that's in here. Um, one of the uh challenges and opportunities on the web is connecting the customer on your website to the app. Um, with RevenueCat you can uh use authentication to actually log that customer in if you're interested. Um, either through your own your website that has off set up already you can uh basically direct to that website and come back with the the authenticated user ID. Um, or we support a bunch of OICD providers out of the box as well. Um, you can even continue to have the user be anonymous either up through the checkout experience and then log them in afterwards. Um, or keep them anonymous through the entire web funnel and then use RevenueCat's redemption link experience to tie the the web user and the app user together. Um, one other big thing that I want to call out though, really one of like the main reasons why uh customers would use web funnels is just how easy it is to run experiments and then go optimize the experience on the other side of that. Um, so for example what I have set up here is an experiment where I'm just testing two different paywalls. Super minor changes to them like I basically just changed copy in a couple of places to instead of saying the yearly is most popular, I said save 19% instead of saying continue on the CTA I said get started. But just like everything else I've showed so far the point is that like I could have changed anything about that design to actually set up this experiment. Um, and setting that up is literally just a couple of clicks. So like just to show you how easy that is, um, what I designed over here is I basically want to test a concept where instead of focusing on a single metric with this screen at the end of the quiz, I want to actually show a carousel of like all of the the metrics that someone might be interested and and see if this personalization is even helping me or not. And so to run that in experiment I can literally just get rid of that connector. I'm going to go to add a step over here and I'll add an experiment step. Um, first I'm going to decide where it starts so that's just connecting those two together. Uh, then I'm going to say that the first step that I want it to take is actually to go through this loading screen. Um, so you can see as soon as I connected it, now it understands that that's the control. Um, I'm going to copy it. I still got that as the first step for for variant B. I don't really want to change anything about the loading experience yet. Um, so I'll just connect those two together. Then I'm going to connect the loading screen to the animated version. This is really like the the change in the experience that I'm going to be testing. And then I'll just connect that back to off. Then you can see if I click on the experiment, it like already automatically detects that now the scope of this experiment is just these steps, the ones highlighted with the blue connectors. The variant is these orange steps, and then it reconnects back over here, which is why I'm able to have more than one experiment running at a time because they're fully scoped to different areas of the funnel. Now I can test what happens at the end of the quiz and the paywall simultaneously. No no conflict or anything like that. Um, and then of course, if you're kind of picky about how this stuff is laid out, you can click the snap to grid button and see it in like a nice pretty layout as well and understand what the customer experiences. Um, one more thing that I want to go about. Um, so at the end of this experience, right? When you get to a paywall, the products that are being served here are based on whatever checkout that you've set up. So this app has a Stripe checkout set up already. You can imagine being through that same experience that Josh just showed off of connecting your Stripe account to RevenueCat like nearly automatically with Stripe projects. Um, they'll then get the checkout experience through Stripe, purchase one of those products. That customer will then have that as an entitlement just like in your app if you're making a purchase through the App Store or the Play Store, like that same process of entitling a customer through that purchase is exactly how it works on the web. And then they just need to go either log into the app if they're authenticated, um, or use this redemption link at the end to connect the two together. So like almost as simple as the same experience they would get if they were in the app, um, except optimized for the the place that they are, which is on the web and and getting served, you know, different ads, different experiences as a result of that. Um, let me pause there because we do want I want little bit further into uh, some of the options that you have for actually like using Stripe as a as a brand new app and especially into manage payments. There's any questions about funnels, maybe I can do it should I jump on those now or should we transition to manage payments Matt? >> Let's tackle some some questions now. So >> [laughter] >> and I and I have a few questions as well and selfishly I'm going to ask them because I've I'm I'm planning on winning this this this thing myself. So If you so if you if you'd never build a web funnel before Dan and you cuz you're looking at this you're like oh my god the possibilities seem endless and I could make the branching seems endless as well. What would you recommend is like the MVP here? Like what would be the I'm building a web funnel for the first time. I want to I want to do something but I maybe don't have the time or the expertise to go super deep. What's like the yeah what's the what's the the starting point that somebody should should aim for? >> Yeah, totally. So first let me slightly attack the time and expertise hypothesis. I it's totally fair. I understand what you're saying. But if you go into RevenueCat's builder today, you'll see that we have this templates section where you can kind of like pick out any individual screens that like we've already created as as templates. You could even pick like a template of the entire funnel as well and use that as an easy starting point so you're not necessarily making like every decision yourself. And of course I I didn't show it off but for each of these screens like you can use the same AI editor that's available in paywalls as well. So in terms of like the actual like design tinkering like you could really run through that very very quickly. In terms of tactics cuz I think that was maybe the the big question that you were asking. You definitely don't have to worry about complicated branching or experiments or anything like that at first. Really the key is that like You you need to be selling your product to some degree through this web experience, right? Think about that the ad that they were just served. Someone clicked on an ad and now they're on your website and know nothing about your product besides that. So like you need to very quickly be explaining what that is and why they should care. And most apps have success doing that through this like quiz format, right? Where you are you are personalizing the experience for them by learning about whatever the customer needs and incrementally teaching them what your app is about and what you care about along the way. So, like be very thoughtful about your quiz. Add whatever little personalization you think makes sense, but like don't don't over index on that. Expose >> your customer to your app through that quiz um and get them to a really simple paywall experience. Um what's great I didn't show off the the metrics here, but we'll we'll give you kind of step-by-step metrics for how users are progressing through that as well. So, you could also then start very simple, understand where the drop off is and then focus on that next. And because this is all a web experience in the dashboard, like that's minutes of iteration time at most. >> [snorts] >> Nice. Nice. Okay, that that's that's great. And this this might be a dangerous question to ask, but do you have are there any examples of apps out there with a really strong web funnels that people could go and have a look at? I'm sure most people have probably seen an ad and gone through something like this, but is there anywhere I know we have um in fact I'll drop it in the chat because I know we have a blog post um that one of our like app growth experts, Daphne, >> wrote >> a few months ago. >> Yeah, and that's like an >> That's exactly the post I was thinking of. >> Yeah, okay. Here are all the different ex you you cuz it's not just a quiz, right? You can have like a content sort of a a funnel based on pieces of content and there's there's sort of different and there's different tactics you can to your point that you can employ. Um so, maybe I'll drop that into the chat so people have that as a reference, but that's a good place to go and go and look look if you want to see some examples of of of apps that do this today and and what works well. >> Yeah, totally. We link to that same guide in our docs as well for anyone that's curious for the for the same reason. It's a great way to get a sense of the the kind of main tactics that are working. >> [snorts] >> Cool. And then a quick question, Dan. Um somebody's asked, "So, can we hook this into an app we already have or is it about building a whole like new app project in you know RevenueCat and then you can leverage this?" >> Uh yeah, good question. And so I guess first certainly if there's an app you already have, you could definitely spin up a web funnel for it. Um this is in the the funnel sidebar menu in RevenueCat, available in in any project that uh that you've got set up right now. Um just on the the app versus web bit, so like the you're getting a link on the other side of this to go serve this experience. Like you could put that in your app through a web view or something like that. Like we've had some customers do that, but it's definitely not what it's primarily designed for. We're separately working on bringing the same like you know branching and customization experience to to apps as well. So I'd say it's for sure designed for the web. Any app can use it as long as you're set up on on RevenueCat. Um you just need to add the web store. >> Awesome. Okay. Um all right, I'll pause questions for now if you want to if you want to keep rolling. >> Cool. Yeah, I actually had very very little that I was going to going to add to that. Um I'd love to maybe bring in uh Caleb at this point to share a little bit more about the the managed payments bit of of Stripe and how that helps uh when you're getting set up. >> Yeah, absolutely. Um yeah, nice to nice to be speaking with everyone here. So you know managed managed payments when you think about coming out of the web the app funnel that that Dan just showed, they essentially made make creating a web funnel kind of an an easy mode. Now the customer has bought into your app. They went through the flow. Um they answered the quiz. They got familiar with their app. Whatever it was the user is now buying. Now it's time for the moment of truth. Are they going to purchase or or or they not? This is where Stripe comes in. We have created an optimized kind of checkout suite that allows for a mobile-friendly surface, which most web app funnels actually end up on the mobile device, where they're going to feel comfortable. They likely have gone through it if they purchased through uh any of the major kind of organizations out there that leverage this surface. Um and ultimately kind of land on this Stripe managed payments owned surface that is going to be localized in their local currency, which allows uh you guys to avoid FX. Again, just creates that comfortable unified checkout experience. And what managed payments is specifically in addition to Stripe when they get to this is we are a Stripe's new merchant of record offering, which is essentially the combination of of kind of the best of what Stripe has built, but unified in all-in-one to do it for you kind of package to payments. Um this means instead of you historically having to kind of uh you know, bolt on additional products to Stripe, um handle tax yourself, go and register in different countries or states around the world, set up different entities as you continue to scale to increase your authorization rates, we now do this for you to kind of give you a growth-centric, enterprise-ready payments infrastructure on day one to capture that customer at that point. And so from a very high-level overview, it is Stripe just doing all of payments for you to keep you focused on your product, keep you focused on your growth strategy, and converting more customers. Um from a very high-level overview, that is what managed payments is. >> And it's probably just Caleb for anybody, which is which was me not so long ago, that doesn't know what merchant of record means, and I guess like how that applies on the if you're selling through the app stores only, because that's the role that Apple Google will play. Could you just explain that in in simple terms for for folks that maybe haven't heard that before? >> Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Um with you all leveraging or creating mobile apps, you're actually very familiar with the merchant of record model as Match has appointed to. Apple and Google today have operated as your merchant of record. This means that they assume the liability of handling the sales tax, VAT, GST globally. They help with the PCI compliance on the transaction. They help with refunds, fraud, disputes, all of that, and historically have done it for you. They they charge 30% obviously for that. Stripe has now created the same platform to allow you to have that same kind of offloading of payments, the back office kind of nightmare of running a global business, um and allow us to handle it for you. Again, just really having really just want you to focus on your growth and your product strategy. Where we kind of differ though is is ultimately as you grow, you might not need to use this everywhere. So, we have applied at the transaction session level. So, there might be certain pockets of your revenue, maybe on your international revenue, you leverage an MOR, but you handle direct payments in house in domestic markets. Ultimately, it allows you to kind of strategically leverage managed payments where you want to, when you want to, kind of how you want to to bring down your fees or not overpay for it when you don't actually need it. And so, that's where it differs is is we aren't going to force you to use it account-wide. You kind of use it where you want to. But, you still get the benefits that you're used to from Apple and Google of essentially your entire payments back office being handled. >> Yeah, awesome. Okay, great. And then a question that actually is probably relevant to both Stripe and RevenueCat that somebody's shared in Discord is like how much like how much does this all cost? So, if we're going to start building web funnels, is there an extra cost either on the RevenueCat side and then Caleb maybe you can give an indication of what if you're going to leverage managed payments, what that what the cost or price implication is there? >> Yeah, so for the RevenueCat side, no extra cost, right? So, in our pro plan, we are charged 1% of MTR after your first 2,500 a month. Any revenue that you generate through funnels gets included in that. No separate cost for the building, hosting, anything like that. You've got access to it just as part of your pro setup right now. >> Yeah, with managed payments, I mean it operates per transaction session, meaning you only pay for it on transactions that you leverage it on. On those transactions, it's additional 3.5% on your standard Stripe fees and that front. Obviously, as you scale, we encourage you to reach out to sales see if we can you know come to some kind of agreement with you on that front. But, it also saves you from localization, FX fees, and everything along those sorts. It's built into it including the tax handling as well. >> Is it Caleb, is it completely self-serve? Like if I haven't had a Stripe account before and I you know either provision one you know start getting going using projects or otherwise and create a Stripe account and then go through the process of building the funnel and connecting it, can I just access manage payments from day one or do I need to request access or do something else? >> Yeah, great question. It is actually just one line of code to enable. And so, it isn't a whole other platform. Um the data lives within your regular Stripe experience. If you're familiar with Stripe, we don't like redirect you to a different UI experience. Um it's extremely easy to set up. You can self-serve through it. All you are doing is changing one field in the turn or in the in the checkout say manage payments equals true instead of false. And at that point, you're off and running fully compliant. Stripe is handling you and giving you kind of our local acquiring network out of the gate. >> Okay. Great. All right. Um anything else, Caleb, you want to share? Any any other bits on on manage payments or just web to app uh while we have while we have a few minutes? >> Um no, that's it. >> [laughter] >> But, we're we're really excited uh to see everyone grow. Um we're seeing a lot of users really start to uh open up this kind of channel of revenue. I think it's, you know, something that they previously hadn't considered. Um but especially as social media and and just marketing has become more popular. Um we see a lot of users making this investment and a lot of getting really strong ROI on it as well. Um obviously, I think RevenueCat makes it tremendously easy to actually set up this funnel. Um obviously, once that customer has that buy-in through the quiz, through using the product a little bit, whatever it is, um making that checkout experience as seamless as possible, we feel like really kind of ties the knot on the experience that that you want to give your customer. So, yeah, we're really excited about this. We think it's uh going to be really large growth avenue for a lot of a lot of mobile applications and what we're seeing in the market. >> Yeah, great. Awesome. All right. Um while I while we have a few minutes left, I want to call out uh a self like a selfish plug for a just a just another prize category that we have uh this time round. So, Stripe very generously are um supporting uh their own um prize category for Ship It On this year. So, as you can see there, I think it's my I think it's the award with the um the But favorite name, so the funnel the funnel vision award Um and this is um basically to incentivize all of you that are building to experiment with web funnels and it will go to the builder that creates a web funnel like Dan was showing in RevenueCat, connect Stripe and then processes some level of web payment volume. So what we're going to be looking at for this prize category is both the both the volume that's processed through the through the web to app funnel, but also how the funnel is designed. So whether it's a quiz or something else, how it's designed and implemented. That's what the judges will take into consideration for this one. So there's $30,000 up for grabs across the top three prizes here. So if you're thinking about experimenting with web to app and doing that with RevenueCat and Stripe, then you'll be eligible for this this category. So I wanted to wanted to call that one out. I know I've had a few people already asking questions about this and what they what they need to do. There's more info on the kind of judging criteria and that kind of thing on the website. So just head to shippitorn.com and and have a look there if you have any any more questions on on that. Um All right guys, I feel I feel like we've we've we've sped through that despite the delayed start which is which is great. We have 5 minutes left. Anything anybody wants to anyone else wants to add either on the project side or on web funnels. Does anyone want to to share anything else before we before we wrap this up? >> No. >> I don't think so. >> Yeah, scanning the chat for questions, but I feel like we covered most of them. >> [snorts] >> Okay. Okay, awesome. Well, thank you thank you to each of you for for joining and hopping on and and running through this. And for everybody listening, thank you for for joining. If we if you did ask a question I think I I had a look through the chat as well. I think we have covered if we haven't covered it, I know Reese is in the chat and he's responding live. If we haven't covered it and you have a question, head to the Discord, post it in there and we'll make sure we respond. If you're going to be building for this category, you're going to be experimenting with web funnels, or you're going to be using Stripe projects, and you run into any issues or have questions, that's the best place to go, and we can we can make sure they're covered. Um but uh I think we'll we'll wrap it up there. So, thank you. Yeah, thanks everyone for for joining, and uh enjoy enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks, everyone.