default uh question to ask which is where are you coming from burnt? >> Yes. Um I'm burnt. I'm from Austria. Gratz. Not sure if you have ever been this small little city. >> Uh I have I don't know about it's Gratz. Is that >> Gratz? Yes. Exactly. >> Okay. I was just in Austria for the first time about a month. Where have you been? >> Yeah. Yeah. It's Salsburg. Salsburg >> of course. Obvious the the main >> Yeah. Yeah. I was visiting I was visiting some family in the Czech actually and we were like let's go see Salsburg. It's not that far. >> Nice. Uh, so it was wonderful. Had a lot of schnitle. Uh, very fun. >> Do is it awkward for you because and and like for some people from other countries it's awkward that we eat the schnitle with this kind of jam, right? With not with ketchup. Was it Did you Did you try it? I think it's a cranberry jam. >> Uh, I'm trying to remember. I must have. I don't think it's that weird. Although my reasons are are very uh kind of lame. I'm used to getting the cranberry jam that comes with the Swedish meatballs when you go to IKEA. Okay. >> So, that combination is actually not that weird uh to me. >> So, you're already, you know, um let's say experienced. >> Yes. Very experienced at the uh the IKEA uh restaurant, uh if you will. Um all right, so let's go ahead and uh kick this off. And so we kind of already introduced uh who we are to a little bit degree here, but my name is Charlie Chapman. Uh I'm a developer advocate here at Revnikat and self-proclaimed captain of the shipon. And with me today is Burnt uh Quihenburgger. And you uh are the team lead for ASO at Split Metrics. >> Yes, exactly. Um I'm I'm heading the team here, you know, SO team at SplitMetrics and we, you know, take care to unlock the big organic growth for for our clients and yep, that's what I'm doing on a daily basis. Awesome. Uh which is perfect for today's topic. Uh as usual, this is a live stream. This is not just a YouTube video. Uh although it will be later if you want to watch it later. But because it's live, we want your questions. That's the whole point is this is an interactive thing. I will uh happily very awkwardly introdu uh interrupt everything that Burnt's saying to to bring your questions in at appropriate times. So please if you're in the uh livetorm webinar software, throw your questions in the questions tab. Um also throw your chats in the chat. Tell me where you're coming from. I already see some people saying hello in there. Um, and if you're not, if you're watching on YouTube or Twitter or uh LinkedIn, you can jump in our Discord and there is a Shipan live uh thread or channel that you can ask questions and I'll be monitoring that and bringing those in as well. So, please, please, please ask questions. That's why we're here. Um, so thank you for that. Now, uh, before we get into ASO and split metrics, let's look around at what's happening in the shipon world. So, first, uh, the build-in public energy is, uh, it's really gotten an afterburner this week, I think, in part because, uh, Apple has released the release candidate for iOS 26, and so everybody's frantically getting their iOS 26, uh, builds out there. So, I've seen quite a bit of people shoving their stuff into the uh, app review pipeline. Actually, about, I don't know, 10 minutes before this uh, this live stream started, my personal app just got approved. it was sitting in the queue for like six hours or something. So, I'm very excited to see that. Um, and I'm excited to see all your apps starting starting to kind of filter out there for the iOS 26 stuff. Um, just a couple I wanted to highlight that I've seen in the uh in the build-in public superaton uh hashtag out there is uh this first one and I'm going to remember to actually make this bigger so you can actually see them. Uh, so Lucas Goldener, uh, this one's actually a Flutter app, but he's built this kind of liquid glass inspired, uh, tab view that I think looks extremely cool. Uh, he's being a little koi about what it is he's actually building, but I'm excited to see to see how this fits into the overall aesthetic. If if this is the tab bar, I bet the rest of the app looks very cool. Uh, Morton has uh his liquid glass icon. He's building a maze app, which looks really fun. Uh, but I really like that icon and I really like the sort of glassy uh I guess that's a minur. Oh yeah, it says minotaur uh icon which makes sense with the the maze theme. And then uh Salal is building a really cool app for helping people quit smoking. Uh he I mean has been posting as as they've been building, but uh this recent post that he has goes through a lot of the pages and it's really pretty in-depth. um looks like maybe a good contender for the uh for the Shipon or the Revenue Peace Prize, the the one for building things for the public good. Uh and then there's one more. Normally I don't have sound for these, but uh somebody has integrated the um 11 Labs API to really good effect and I just wanted to highlight this. So hopefully uh hopefully you all can hear this. Let me know if you can't. >> Welcome back guys. This is day 10 of building Focus RPG, a gamified productivity app for your real world games power, your virtual growth. For today, we added AI voice models from 11 Labs to our cutscene. >> Hey, Adam. I have something special from your mom for your new place. Oh, hey, Alex. What's up? >> This is from your mom. She wanted you to have it for Sherton. She said you'd forget to add some life to your new apartment. >> A plant? That's actually really thoughtful of her. >> I just think this is the coolest thing. Uh it's like a a focused productivity app that's built as a like RPG game and then throwing in the voice acting in here just makes it feel extremely cool. Uh and this is the type of thing that as an indie developer you know doing a full-blown uh like voice actors and getting all those assets in would be extremely challenging especially in this uh shipon time frame. So, this to me is like a really cool example of uh 11 Labs API kind of uh working as intended and I I don't know, I'm really excited to see that. So, Stor is uh has been posting, you can see this is like the 10th update as as they've been building this focus RPG app. So, that one's definitely been a fun one to follow. Uh and then also Shiveton IRL events are real life events happening all over the world. There is a ton of them happening before before our next uh webinar on Tuesday. So there's uh a new indie hub uh event happening on Saturday in uh Bangaluru. Uh there's uh Manila event happening on Saturday as well on Monday. Uh NS Manchester Manchester is having an event and then there's uh there's one in Warsaw where people are showing showcasing their updates on their ship town progress. And then uh Prague uh React Spark or React the Spark uh in Prague is happening uh next Tuesday as well. So lots of events happening as usual. Go to uh shipon.com and go down to that events page to see everything happening and find one that's happening near you. But there is a ton going on and it's been very exciting to see all the pictures coming in of of those events as they've happened. All right, so now let's get to ASO. I think this is going to be a meaty topic. Uh, as I said before, everybody, please ask your questions. I will interrupt uh, burnt as as they come in. And with that, I'm going to pass it over to you. >> Thanks, Charlie. Um, hope everybody can hear me. My microphone is working, right? >> Yep. >> Awesome. Um, yes. And now I'm trying to share my screen. We have tested it before so it should I should know how it works but please >> the computer gremlins always uh show up once you're live though >> also also sharing the correct presentation would be a smart move does it work >> all right I see it it looks good >> okay perfect so yeah what what are we going to talk about today as Charlie mentioned it's about ASO and how to make ASO work for the app that you're building at the shipon or for any other app that you have based basically somewhere in your portfolio that you're working on and yeah that's what we are doing today. um next presentation. So like ASO right it's a organic way of acquiring users. So there's a certain opportunity and challenge coming with it and the biggest opportunity is that roughly um 65% of all downloads occur right after someone searching um in the stores right this is the big opportunity so you know people are actively searching on the stores but what's the challenge there are 1.9 million apps out there right like alone on the on the app store and 2.6 six on the Play Store. So, I would say that's quite the competition, but um that's why we're here, right? To to outperform this competition in your organic um for your organic um users. Before we dive into ASO, it's also important to understand where ASO is positioned, what the app marketing funnel looks like, right? So, on top of the funnel, you have always organic or paid traffic. This can be for example organic traffic from actually searches in the stores. This can be organic traffic from social media like Tik Tok or Instagram or it can be paid like from Google ads, meta ads etc. And this traffic is then sent to the stores to the play store, the app store where users are downloading your app. And this is exactly where app store optimization comes into play. You want these users to convert and you want also your app to be found on the stores. And after that you know after downloading the down the the the actual product is is being um seen by users and then um onboardings pay walls etc are crucial but we are focusing now at this middle of the funnel basically it can be considered top of funnel. >> Yeah. >> Would would the like searches in the app store would that not also be under ASO as well? >> Yes. Yes. Exactly. Um so that's why I'm said I'm saying like organic um can also be the top of funnel basically your user discovering exploring your app in the app stores as well. Yeah. >> So I put it here in organic searches in the app store. I put it here. It can be a bit confusing because it's slightly overlapping but I I have it like for me it's easy to understand if I have this funnel in mind at least. >> Yeah. Um important for ASO is always like it would be beneficial if you can bring additional traffic to your app from other sources than only search. Um this will make your ASO even more powerful. But today we try to find or I'm going to show you what to do um even if you don't have other external traffic. Um but first um what is ASO? So ASO is the continuous process of improving your app stores listings to attract and convert the right users. And there are two jobs of ASO. Job number one is make your app rank high in search results. So basically your app showing up for the keywords that belong to your app basically and then make your users come to your store listing and download your app. And that's already job number two. Convert store visitors to installs. Those are the two jobs of ASO. Pretty simple, but also not right. It sounds easy, but it's maybe more to consider than you might think. But why actually? What's important? Why why do we do ASO? First of all, and the most important for those at the shipod dome probably it costs you literally nothing but your time. So you invest you know in your you invest your time in re searching the keywords in creating the screenshots and the I can but you don't have to pay to do ASO for other paid user acquisition as it already says in the name you pay money to create installs. Um and what does ASO do for you? It improves the visibility the rankings of your app. So for which keywords is my app showing up, for what rankings is my app showing up like rank number 10 for a certain keyword, rank number one, it everything will influence the the number of downloads you get. It will also um help the relevant users find your app because if someone searches for for example um uh like calorie tracker, those users have to find your app to download it in the end. It is also therefore improving conversion rates, boost organic instas and cut user acquisition costs. What do I mean by this one? Later on, after your app gets a lot of traction and you're running maybe paid ads, you can cut down user acquisition costs by improving the conversion rate of your store listing. So more users are converting on the paid traffic you generate. That's a very nice side effect. And what are you know the three pillars of ASO for let's say the main pillars are the keywords those would drive the visibility then the creatives that are mainly responsible for the for the conversion of your of your app store listing and the reviews those are also main um on the one hand have main conversion drivers but also give your your potential users um an idea what what other user think about your app. So, it's pretty crucial there. You can, for example, if someone writes really a bad review for your app or um surfaces a bug, you have the opportunity to respond there in a way that might still convince the user that your app is something valuable. And um if we consider all of this, what would I do if I launched an app now? What would be the steps actually that I would have to to take to make my app like to find my first thousand organic users? In the very first stage, you have to create your so-called store listing. And for the store listing, there are metadata which I will show you later what exactly metadata are, where you can find them, where they appear. You will do a keyword research, right, to find the relevant keywords for your app for your initial metadata um setup. So these are the keywords your users will find your app with and that will also explain your users what your app is about. Step number two are the creative assets. So the the screenshots, the icons, the feature graphic, the video, all of those have to be created by you and should um be informed by market research. What am I saying here? So if you for example build um a noteaker AI, noteaker app, you would for example do a research first because there are already some apps out there who are converting. So why would you reinvent the wheel? You would you would say, "Hey, I know these notetaker apps convert users using these screenshots." So, this should be the foundation maybe of my of my screenshots. Of course, you have to adjust it. You don't have you can't just copy other other um apps out there, but you know what's converting and that's what I mean um in for research. After this, you should be doing ongoing um keyword optimization. So after you find your first keyword set, you get your first organic users, your app might start ranking for some keywords, you will get downloads, you will start ranking for new keywords. And all of these changes in the in the met like in your app's rankings are signals for you to optimize. So it's a continuous process. Aso is not a one-time thing. It's a continuous thing. Maybe in the beginning of your app growth journey, it's a bit more of optimization going on. Later on, it's a bit less. depends on your goals, depends on your resources. Um, so the op like the ongoing keyword optimization is crucial. Then when you don't have a lot of traffic, I actually I said like it's sequential creative testing due to limited traffic um on the play store and the app store, you can run um AB tests with your creatives. But if you don't have a lot of traffic, not many downloads, it will be difficult to get significant results. So statistically significant results of your AB test. Basically there are two versions of your store are shown to your users. You need a certain amount of data to get a statistically significant result. With low traffic the early like stages of your of your app this is not possible or it is possible but you would need paid traffic etc for it. If you do it only the organic way you have to do sequential testing. What you do is basically you launch a set of screenshots, you see how a use converting, you launch a different set or tweak it slightly and you see how it's converting and then you would learn the differences in the conversion rate. For example, I would also recommend in the very beginning not to focus on too many countries. You can launch your app globally, but you won't have the resources to optimize all the countries, all the languages. So in my opinion, focus on one to three markets and make it work there and then focus on other markets. So um this is just a resource topic. Of course, if you have if you're very efficient, you have a lot of time, you can also focus on five markets. But I tell you it's maybe it's maybe not um yeah like you will have to build your product. You will have to create maybe organic traffic somewhere else. You will have to focus on on certain things besides ASO as well. Um the next thing is select the right category in text because this is where um the explore traffic that Charlie mentioned in the beginning you know users can stumble across your app and the category you chose you choose is uh crucial um to where your app is being shown in the stores. So there's category >> like the store category. >> Yes. Exactly. >> Can you change you can change that after the fact, right? Okay. Yes, you can you can you can change it like as often if as you want if I'm not mistaken, but it it's it doesn't make sense to switch it around because yeah um if you should try to find the right category for you. You will see if it works if you probably increase the rankings. Um and also um I would do this based on competitor research. Again, you see where your competitor apps are basically and which categories they use or where they you can find them. And it's just logical that you use more or less the same category because users search this category for a certain type of apps. The category rankings are mainly influenced by download velocity. This means how many downloads do I get in a certain amount of time and then you increase your rankings there. um being number one in a category. Imagine in in entertainment or in productivity would be the top app. You would get a ton of downloads there. Additionally to finding your app, there's the tax less important than the category, but still it's it's um tags that are assigned from like given text from the store that helps the store to understand what kind of app you use and also to drive similar traffic, similar apps traffic, etc. But let's >> is that that's not keywords. >> No, no. Those are those are texts. This is you can choose them. You first of all you would choose the category. For example, the play store and then you can select up to >> uh this is what I what I meant sometimes, you know, like three or five tags. >> I think it's it's it's five tags that you choose. It can be >> all kinds of different um >> Oh, this is like the subate. >> Yeah, the sub it's subcategories. That's the word I was looking for. >> Yeah. Sometimes I'm missing I'm missing the the right English words. >> Well, and it's probably it might be different between App Store and Google Play Store as well. >> And a qu question that came in that I think is kind of relevant. You were talking about doing uh like competitor analysis and stuff. >> Uh Franklin was asking for indie devs, do you recommend doing keyword research before building the app? So, the product idea is shaped around existing search demand. Uh, or is ASO more of something you think about as a post-launch optimization step, which is kind of how you've been talking about it. It sounds like here at least so far. >> This is this is a great question here. Like for this presentation, I like I came from the perspective that you already have an app. But the question is really good because if you are thinking about creating an app, right, and you're not sure if there's any demand, it's a very smart decision or it's very smart way to go to any AO tool and research if the keyword actually has any um search volume. For example, if you go to a store and and you you think of I don't know, I want >> whatever a hobby I'm a hobby. I'm a candle maker. I want to create a candle maker app because I have this very nice candle on my table. That's how I came up with this idea. Now, I'm not sure. I'm I'm just guessing now, but I think there's not a lot of traffic for candle making app. So, if you are not sure, you would go to an ASO tool and search candle making, candle making app, candle making instructions. And if you see there's zero traffic, I might reconsider launching the app. You can still launch it if you have other proof of let's say market. If you are a big, let's say, Instagram influencer, candle maker with thousands of followers. Okay, you can still launch the app and send it to your followers, but if you >> you couldn't rely on the search traffic as your top ofunnel. Yes. You have to know then like I need to acquire those users from somewhere else because it's not going to come from >> Yes. Yes. >> makes sense. >> Um yeah, but very good question. So I would if I like before I would build an app, I would always do the keyword research beforehand at least a little bit to see if there's any demand. So this is a very good good thing to do and good great question. I love it. >> Um, yeah. And seven is run inapp events to boost traffic and get featurings. Inapp events are timely events that you can launch for free basically on the app store. There's also promotional content on the play store, but it's not unlocked for all the users. there are certain certain benchmarks which I don't have top of mind right now but it's quite high numbers that you have to achieve to get um promotional content unlocked on on the play store but in app events on app store are available and they're great way to drive additional eyeballs to your app. So if you set up some event cards, this can be a challenge, this can be a major update and those are then shown in the app store. You get basically a bit more of real estate and reach more users by doing this. Uh and the number eight, it's not a must. There's some thing called pre-order campaigns for early traction. You would do it before you launch even. You can create create a store listing before your app is available and drive users to this store listing and then they can click the button and the app will automatically download when your app is um live. So you can already create a bit of marketing beforehand create basically a weight list for your app. That's that's what it is in the end. Um and can help you too to get in the first days when it's very important to get a good amount of downloads that will boost your app even more and also your organic rankings. That's the eight steps that I would keep in mind when I'm launching my app organically. But now interesting what are these metadata I'm talking about. So I took uh my fitness pel very famous app. I took it as an example um to show you where you see the actual metadata. So what you see is very prominent always is the app icon. So this square on the left it should be um yeah it's kind of your app's logo a kind of some people say it's an ad. It shows what your app is about. Then there is this app name, the app title. Um the app name is my fitness pal. And the app title also contains some keywords. You see here calorie counter. Um this is a very high traffic keyword. So for this will bring like if you rank well for this keyword for example will bring really substantial traffic to your app. And then you see the subtitle below the title. This is a smaller a longer a longer field on the play store. um on the app store it has the same amount of characters. So just to sometimes I'm thinking um so if you don't know about ASO then you have to be aware that all of these metadata fields are limited by characters. Sometimes 30 characters for the title, sometimes 80 characters for subtitles and 4,000 characters for long descriptions. and um that subtitle on places with longer. It should be basically um giving your user even more information what your app is about, but also contain keywords that potentially drive traffic to your app. Then you see the ratings and reviews. They are also pretty prominent on the app stores or and the play store and they are really like if you would see three stars, there are two stars. Of course, it impacts your conversion rate. So, this is a crucial field here. And the biggest the biggest field you see or the biggest real estate I call it on the on the store listing you would see um the screenshots have the biggest place there and you see that usually you can you can see the first screenshot very well then the second one a bit. So it's crucial that um you make the users either scroll or convert already on the first one or two screenshots on the right side. Like what we're looking at right here is is the store listing page that you'd see after you tapped on it, right? >> But the the icon, the title, and the first three screenshots, those are like in the search results. Is that correct? >> Yes. Yes, that's correct. >> If you do, for example, brand search, you see most of it. Um, yeah. But it's it's it's crucial because you you will see them everywhere all the time, basically. Just just as a in a simplified way of saying it. Um great great um addition Charlie. I like it. Um and um yeah then on the right hand side you see you see the the long description or the des the yeah the long description description. This is the place where you can dive even deeper into your app where you show the main features where you elaborate maybe on your subtitle. Um you show proof that your app works. You show like additional information that you might that you think the users might convert on. And um you can also on the play store, this is being indexed to the play store, you can add some um keywords there, like less important ones to drive traffic to your app as well. Now, okay, you remember we had the three pillars, right? Now, we're going into each of them. So, keywords, creatives, and reviews. So, I'm jumping now again here. Pillar number one, the keywords. Now, we go a bit into more detail, also showing you what's important when choosing the keywords. again the title or the app name. So here on the top right um what's important here this is um crucial it has like if you don't have an app name yet so some of you might not have a name yet make create a short app name the shorter the app name is the more space you will have for for additional keywords to add if it's for example my fitness pal it's quite a long name so there's only space for two more keywords if you have for example very short name like whatever what does come to mind keli right it's kel ai it's five letters and they have a they have a lot of place for more keywords. The title is the the app title is the most important field for your keywords. And um this means every keyword here is gets more push let's say than in the other keyword fields which is why a short app name can be very beneficial for you. Addition to that it should be memorable. So if unique and memorable, if it's a boring and or not unique or memorable name, no one like will will find it because users, for example, if they see your app somewhere, if they've heard of it, they should be able to remember your app and type it into the search field and find your app. If it's a totally complicated name, if you call it um X9 set45, people will have problems to find your crazy app name. Um, yeah. So, it makes sense to do something memorable like Kelly, like quitter, my fitness spell, whatever that is, it should be memorable. Um, and as I said before, the title should carry the most important keywords, high volume, high impact keywords, very relevant ones for app, the most important keywords. Um, yeah, and that's it for the title. Then the subtitle, that's your second most important keyword field. It should basically um it should like elaborate not elaborate it should basically it's an addition to your title. It can have additional information. It can have additional explanation. It should also be easy to read and easy to understand. Like it should recap the purpose of your app. It's actually on this on this slide. I should read it. Um and uh it should fit you know you should use the like second most important keywords there on the app store because on app store we don't do any duplicates on play store you can use the same keywords from your title again in the subtitle because kind of the more often you use them the more you show the algorithm that this these are important keywords for you. So um remember there's a difference. >> Mhm. Can you elaborate on the don't use duplicates on the app store though? >> Yes. Yes. Um that's that's a good idea. Um so if for example if I have like on the right you see you see for example the title there's calorie counter in there right in the title that's a keyword. So I don't want to use calorie counter in the subtitle or the keyword field. I explain later what the keyword field is because that would be duplicates. Why? App store is indexing each keyword only one time. So if you have it there two times, it still counts as one keyword. So instead of calorie counter in the title and again in a subtitle, I use calorie counter and track food. So I have then calorie counter and track food. I have four keywords now that are being indexed instead of if I use calorie counter the subtitle, I would have only one keyword set. That's that's important to remember. >> And the the main drawback there is if you use it Could you could you please repeat the question? I could hear you. >> Uh the main the main drawback to duplication is that you're essentially wasting space that you could use for a different keyword. >> Yes. Exactly. You're giving away valuable keyword space. Yes. >> Yeah. >> For other keywords that have search volume that would drive traffic to your app. >> And you would give um the other, I don't know, four million apps an advantage over your app. >> Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. My my personal app is called Dark Noise. It's like an ambient white noise app. And it it's a challenge in the subtitle because I can't I can't say white noise because I already use noise in the name of my app and >> it's definitely something that initially I definitely had it in there and uh through advice like this I have since taken it out. But have you is are there many keywords in the dark white noise um niche or like >> there's so many so many different sounds. So, >> okay, nice. >> You know, white noise, brown noise, pink noise, rain, those are super competitive. But green noise is uh is also pretty popular. Not as popular as the others, but it was less competitive. And so, I actually like aimed for that one specifically and was able to to raise my ranking there. And that actually did help uh help me out. >> Cool. Cool. That's that's I didn't know there were so many different noises. I know the white noise. >> Yeah. And Okay. >> Yeah. They're all It's like different ranges of frequencies to green supposedly is like naturish in sounds. Um but it's very popular. >> And which which one works best for babies? Sorry to ask because my my baby sometimes is >> ah yes. Uh for me it's it's the airplane sound whenever my kids were youngest. Yeah. Uh but it's those lower frequencies that tend to to be better for me. But sometimes it has to do with, oh man, I'm like just going into sales pitch mode here. Uh, but a lot of times it has to do with what sounds you're trying to mask. Uh, so that's almost the most important thing. So if your house or whatever has certain irregular sounds that are at a higher frequency, then maybe you want a sound that's higher frequency so that you don't notice those whenever they happen. >> Okay. Okay. Cool. Very, very interesting insights. We should talk about this later. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Continuing now. Okay. um short X course if that's an English word at least in German it is um okay so then next wait here here we are now um previously I talked about the keyword field on app store this doesn't exist on the play store it's an invisible field it's about 100 characters long and you can you would fit here all the keywords that you couldn't fit into your title and subtitle so this means those keywords are less relevant Um but still um it's an important keyword field because it increases the number of of keywords that you can rank for. And I sometimes at least in my practice I sometimes see the keyword field is an even experimental field. Right? If I'm not sure if I want to put the keyword in title or the subtitle I add them to the keyword field. I see if something changes in the rankings and if it does I can later on consider moving them up the the value chain basically to subtitle title. So um because it's risky, right? If if my fitness dispel suddenly said, "Okay, I'm going to remove calorie now from my title because I have maybe a keyword that could be powerful." They would risk quite something, let's say, in ASO from ASO perspective. They would it would be risky to them. So they would rather put it first in the keyword field and see if it if they can rank for it to some extent. Um but what what kind of keyword should go into your keyword field? So here you can add a a broader spectrum compared to the title. The title should be very you know this should be your main focus keywords but the keyword field you can expand a bit and see what's possible. It should still be relevant. It should be about your app. You shouldn't be if you're calorie tracker don't add white noise because it doesn't make sense. You're not going to convert on it. So you should still think >> higher in a word that doesn't matter. It's >> it's not it's not converting because if you want to buy um bananas and someone is offering you shoes, you you are not in the mood of buying shoes, right? So >> yeah. >> Um yeah, maybe a bad example, but I think you get what I mean. Um so what what are the main features of the app? Right, that's a question to ask. Are there keywords for all of my features? If you have maybe a white noise um let's say feature one and feature two is whatever a sleep tracker how well you sleep after using white noise you add also sleep tracker there. So all of these things are relevant to your app plan. Um what are the synonyms of describing your your features right? If it's white noise you can maybe also have sleep noise or um relaxation noise. All of these synonyms that make sense for your app. Then what are similar apps called? You can even um look there for example your app is called dark noise and then you would find another app that is called whatever um dark loud noise you know okay maybe loud noise is also something so you could think okay what are similar apps being called what's the apps category it's um productivity apps so you could add productivity there if it's entertainment you can read put entertainment even there of course it's really hard to rank for these keywords but that's how it works. I just want to give you an idea how how how we find those keywords. >> And a relevant question just we're talking about here is uh >> we're trying to stuff as many relevant keywords in as possible. >> I sorry I didn't hear the first part of your sentence because you're there was something off with your microphone. >> Uh sorry about that. Uh, is it better to keep the keyword field short and focused or try to stuff as many relevant keywords in as possible? >> It's it's a bit there's both there's both um like let's say ASO managers out there. Some say you know keep it really relevant like keep it only put their keywords that are relevant for your app because you know your app like if you if there are only five keywords why adding more you know because you won't be able to convert those users um it's a tricky question I would say keep it as relevant as possible and if you can't can't like find another keyword and the only keyword for example if you have a dark noise app and the only keyword you can um let's say you you fill up the 90 90 characters and you can't find something for the last 10. I would rather you know not add anything irrelevant because it what does it show to the algorithm? It it shows it gives it the hint basically that the app might be about something else. So make it full with relevant keywords also if they are um let's say only adjacent categories. So it it has to be relevant for your app. It doesn't make sense to put there any irrelevant keywords just to fill up the keyword feed. Say it like that. If you can't sense, >> skip it. It's it was hard now to to put my my my thoughts correctly there. But >> but it's not it's not about keeping it short and focused. It's more like there is a negative to just shoving in keywords that aren't relevant. >> Yes, I would I would say so. Yes. But it's probably better to fill it up with relevant keywords as much because each one's an opportunity to capture another inbound search that wouldn't have have worked otherwise. >> You you would rather go broad than too targeted. >> Okay, that makes sense. >> But not but not nonrelevant, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to just throw in popular keywords for the sake of getting them because >> that'll probably reduce your conversion rate for people who see your app in search results which then tells the algorithm people don't actually click on this >> that's right. So >> yeah, exactly. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Cool. Thanks. So >> um then a description Google Play. That's another major difference between the two app stores. So the description of Google Play is being indexed which means you can add keywords there that um make your app show up for in the search results. And again similar to the app store the the long description on Google Play um carries or should have like the um let's say a certain like your your target set of keywords um but it's less relevant like the keyword fields. So um the keyword the indexing is if we can say so it's a bit weaker than it is on the title. The difference here is you can add all your keywords all the whole target set on app store you add the keywords that are not in the title and subtitle but on Google play you would add all your important keywords theoretically. So the top five most important keywords you would try to put them into your long description. And here it is the the the main difference is it's not enough to put them there one time. you should add them there to a certain density. And the density is like the like how the character percentage basically. Um I usually go if you have a like a a long description of 3,00 3,500 characters, it's four, five, six times. You could add your five most important keywords to this long description. Um, I would put them already in the top, you know, the most important ones in the first abstract of your long description, which should be a kind of a a pitch, a nice description of your app. You should have the most important keywords already there, and then you would um spread them out over the rest of your long description. Make it sound nice. Don't do any keyword stuffing. This this is not a good uh way of doing SEO. It can even like like Google can punish your app even if you do too heavy stuffing. Um, yeah. So, and keep your keep your long description very nicely formatted, right? Write the very nice intro, make a nice feature section. You can even use HTML codes. So, um, for example, you can do like different headline sizes and you can use emojis, make it look very nice, add at the most important keyword as I said before. And even you can add proof there why your app works. For example, if you have a dark noise app, you can write, you know, why what dark noise is doing. But just be aware, not many users read the long description. It's I think one or two% who actually expand it and read it. And most of them skim it. And here comes into play the most like for me one of the tips that work best if you make it very schemable to to read like the headlines are clear, you can read them, they can basically in one second grasp your main idea of your app. That's a benefit. >> Uh, and I switched my mic, so tell me if it's still cutting out. Uh, I don't know what's going on there. >> It works. It works nice now. Like nicely. I can understand you very well. Yeah. >> Okay, good deal. Uh, so, uh, Beno just asked, can you explain the density again? So, with 3% density and a thousandword description, each keyword should occur 30 times. I think I maybe misunderstood something. >> No, 30 characters. >> Ah, 30 characters. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's how it's calculated. Please um I could be wrong now, but I think that's it's it's the character percentage. >> The character percentage. Okay. >> But but please uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty Yeah. Yeah. So I I usually work I I I put this into a like density calculator basically. And then I usually use them four or five times. That's a rule of thumb in the 3,500 character. And then it should it should um be fine. >> Sweet. Um then so okay now we talked a lot about keywords but now it is important to know what are relevant or good like what are good keywords and those are there are three main keyword KPIs so one is the relevance the popularity and the difficulty relevance means okay logically what's relevant for a white noise app all kinds of keywords that are relevant to white noise whatever it is sleep sounds then there's the popularity search volume. This is the main indicator of if your app gets traffic, right? So, or not the app, sorry, the keyword gets traffic and or or or if people search for this keyword. Basically, that's that's what it really is. Um, five is very low and 100 is the highest. It's not a linear behavior. So, the the search volume is a exponential behavior. So, it means in the lower numbers it's more flat and then it it goes quite steep to the hund. And um this means um it gives an indicator to know like how much searches your the keyword gets. Then there's difficulty. This is a indicator of how many apps use this keyword, how competitive it is. So those are the main three things here. And I also brought some examples um for the calorie counter app. So we were talking about my fitness pel before and I researched five keywords. For example, you have the calorie counter. receives a very high search volume, quite high difficulty and super relevant for my fitness spell. >> Can you can you tell us where this where is this coming from? What's the screenshot from? >> This screenshot is from the Apparita ASO tool. So, it's a tool for researching keywords, screenshots, competitors, all kinds of important and crucial ASO um information. And what do I want to show you here? So for an app that is new, you won't be able to rank for calorie counter in the very beginning. So like all these strong apps like My Fitness Pal, all those fitness trackers, they will outperform you like they will take the top spots. So if you're new and if your app is new, you should find keywords that are easier to rank for. And that means you should maybe look for a keyword like food diary for example that has a lower search volume and a lower difficulty because your even smaller app will be able to rank for it and um it would be like you should find like in in theory like if it's a mic mathematical like equation like or a code find basically max volume and minimum difficulty that would be the best case for you. If you find a keyword that is very low difficulty and very high volume, that's what you want to go for. So, um, and relevancy of course, like it doesn't make sense. You find this keyword, but it's not relevant for your app. And here, for example, if I had to choose between these keywords here, you see lifetime digital, that's also another information difficult is quite low, but this is a brand name or a app name actually. So, we don't want to use it either. And then we have here food diary and track food. I see food diary search volume 37 difficulty 59 versus track food volume 23 difficulty 64 more difficult and we have free workout apps for women a long tail 37 search volume and 59 difficulty if my app is not for women or not and for me I skip it and I go for food diary for example because it has the best combination of these KPIs of course the world is more difficult I just want to show you the idea again Um you will learn the rest if you are start the research it will become very clear for you after some yeah looking at some keywords and here basically to how to find them. Um also um there's a couple of ways to find keywords. You see you can just brainstorm them you know use your brain and just write down on paper. We're not doing this in much anymore but I I still like it. Um then you can analyze competitors. You ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch choose the five to 10 most important competitors. you go through the metadata, copy out all the keywords. You can do this with any ASO tool. Um here um I used also appra on the right hand side. It's easy to do and um then you would find a bunch of keywords. Another secret or good tip is uh user reviews because users are often times using keywords that you might not even using yet. Yes, you can scroll through them, read through them in the beginning. Yes, there not many reviews. I know maybe you don't have any reviews. Then you can skip this part. Um there's also >> suggest or look at competitor uh reviews. >> Exactly. Yes. Exactly. Great idea. Great idea. I think uh actually one of our earlier webinars uh our my boss uh did a presentation on how he uses AI to do competitive analysis research and one of the things it did was literally he just sent uh I think he was using Manis AI off to like read through all bunch of competitor uh user reviews and pull out relevant keywords which I thought was really smart. >> This is this is amazing. Yeah, you can you can copy all the keywords and then say I like you can also copy like um you can also get a lot of other information you know feature gaps you can find there what your app competi what your competitors are doing well what they are not doing so well you can see what your users like about the others competitors apps so a lot of information especially from the big comp competitors there's even the like you could go theoretically you go to my fitness bell and you look for let's say um you crawled with AI and then you see for example um for some for some reason some users were asking for a certain feature but my fitness spell maybe like for them it's not important but for an indie developer for indie app unbundling such features from a fitness app can be like a great idea you know for a new app so just a just an idea yeah and then there's also AI suggestions um this is uh one of the AI agents we built at our company. It's super cool. It crawls our um acquire platform and can give you all kinds of keywords. Does keywords research super fast. You just ask it, give it your apps category and you immediately, you know, get like a bunch of keywords that could work for your app. Um yeah, it's like a it's a easy and loweffort way to do keyword research nowadays. Um yeah and what is now the strategy that I was um I already talked about it a little bit when we talked about the keywords. So your keyword strategy for the launch what should it look like? Focus on 10 to 15 keywords. Like don't over complicate it. Take 10 to 15 relevant keywords that you want to focus on. Um make sure those keywords have a search volume from 25 to 40. Some say 25 to 35. Some say 20 to 30. Just keep it between 25 to 40 and the difficulty below 60. This is your target. This is what you should aim for if you have a new app, right? Relevance first. Make it super relevant. Um then the title, keep the one like one, two, one to two most relevant keywords there, high volume keywords, subtitle, the like secondary keywords, med relevance keywords, and the long description the least competitive keywords. So basically this slide summarizes what we did said before in a basically blueprint how to work with keywords what to measure. So um of course if you do SSO if you do organic optimization we should measure and this means the main KPIs to look for are installs obviously that you're getting from organic sources like search browse then conversion rates how is my app converting the impressions so keywords are generating impressions for your app then keyword rankings of target keywords 10 to 15 keywords I mentioned before how do the rankings change do they increase decrease decrease might mean that the keywords is should be exchanged. It's not working for you or new keyword rankings. So if you add a set of keywords some some suddenly, you know, after some time some long longtail combinations or other keywords your app might start ranking for and um then you can also incorporate those keywords into your into your app store or into your metadata. Sorry, that's what I wanted to say. And then you also um monitor the reviews. Are there any bad reviews coming up? or there is there some interesting information are users using some certain keywords that I should use because you want to talk the language of your users. So this is something that that I would always um measure or keep track of. There's a bunch of tools out there. You can uh either do it in the app store and play console directly. You can use tools for this. Many options only for the rankings you will need a tool because that's not um not available on the app store and the play store. Uh, one one quick question uh before we get to the creatives. Uh, Christine asked uh how do we turn a a list of desired keywords into a title subtitle keyword set? >> Does the app store take every permutation of those fields? So for example, if calerie is in the title, tracker is in the subtitle and planner is in keywords, will you rank for calorie, tracker and planner as a single term? >> Yes. Yes. the like the the stores will combine it automatically. But of course, if you have the direct match like you put calorie tracker direct in your title, it's a bit of a stronger stronger um signal to the algorithm than if it has to combine it >> because they're next to each other or because it's in the title and the title gets more weight. >> Now it's getting uh difficult. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess that's the thing with this game, right? is uh >> everybody's trying to kind of >> parse out what the app store algorithms are doing and they're probably always changing so it's hard to know completely. >> Yeah. But I I would I would say I would I think you know like at least from the practice what what what you see is you know you add calorie tracker instead of calorie and tracker somewhere else and you see it work better for you. So maybe it's the conversion, maybe it's the algorithm, but it it works to have the the direct match basically. >> Cool. Sweet. Thank you. >> The pillar number two, the creatives. Um creatives are your main conversion rate driver. Metadata like doesn't have as such as a big of an impact as the creatives on the conversion rate. And um the creative assets, you see them here. There's the icon. super big conversion rate driver and the screenshots. Um the first the first screenshot is the most critical one. So this this is basically what the user see immediately without you know scrolling to the left and um seeing the rest of your screenshots. Then the app icon the app icon is everywhere. You know you see it in the search you see it on the on the on the storefront. So this very important that your app icon is as as I write here simple, recognizable, clear and descriptive. Um coloropsyology plays a role and also um attention grabbing colors. So for example, if you are in the finance category, there's one of the main colors I remember is blue, right? So if you have then suddenly finance app that has the color yellow, it grabs attention in the search results for example and so on. So it can make sense to be like different and unique in that regard. Um what regarding the icon what I want to say is um especially like indie apps or smaller apps benefit from a very descriptive app icon. I will show you later what I mean by that. So that's what I'm writing here. brand like big brands for example for them it doesn't matter so much um if the app icon is descriptive but smaller apps benefit from it that we see usually the conversion rate increase if you alone from your icon can see what the app is about later I have some examples to to show you um yeah I also wanted to give you an example of my fitness pel because we're talking about them all the time so what do the screenshots look like and what we like for you have to test you know what what works for you in the And but what they probably learned is that one of the first screenshots they write the number one food in nutrition tracking app. It's a big like trust builder and um social proof, right? They're number one. We're number one and that's sometimes enough for users if you really are the number one. And they have some news here and then they never run out of ideas again. Personalize your dashboard. You want to give the users basically your main feature set but you want to make it sound interesting and you want to sell your app as well. So it should be it should be a sweet spot between making it interesting but also very clear, concise and um basically showing what what your app is about. It's also crucial to highlight main elements of your screen just like the macros section. Macros is something super important in the for calorie trackers because it's not only about tracking calories, it's about tracking fat, carbohydrates, proteins, whatever. So you should highlight the main important elements and um what I learned also if you can make your app on if you can communicate on your app screenshots that your app is easy to like that that it brings your user in an easy way from it's a basically you're setting a transformation right a calorie tracker you're setting weight loss and you want your users to have it easy fast and predictable if you can communicate this subconsciously on your screenshot that something is like if I have this app it's safe I'm going to reach my goal if I have this app it's easy that I'm going to reach my goal if I have this app it's fast that I'm going to reach my goal it will naturally increase your conversion rate because that's what users want and that's why I like this example Kaii we've heard about it they like you see the design it's it's more basic but what they do really well in my opinion is make calorie tracking easy with AI so it's okay make it easy Because usually calorie tracking is a painful thing. You type in all this all the stuff and then and then uh you have to find the right products and add them to your list or to your calorie tracker. And you see the big difference between those and then just snap a picture of a food. Just snap a picture. It communicates easy and fast. Super nice. So user think, "Oh, that's easy. I want to do that." Then let us do the rest. Again, subconsciously communicate easy and fast or not hard to do. And then they have track your progress as you go. It's predictable because you can basically track your progress and you will know that you win or lose. Just uh something to think about. And the icons um yeah one of my like I like this topic. Ians are nice you know. Um you see >> actually really quick can I interrupt with a couple uh screenshot related questions that have come in? >> Sure. So, there was a couple related to this, but Franklin asked, "Uh, >> I was told Apple's now using AI to scan app screenshots for keywords. If that's true, how should developers rethink their screenshot strategy for ASO?" >> Have you Is that a thing that's happening? Uh, do you know, >> this is a hot This is a hot topic. Um, I I would say um it's not being indexed at the moment. I'm pretty sure Apple is not indexing the keywords you have on the screenshots. it pro it probably like if someone wants to prove let's say that it's the case um for example if you put let's say calorie tracking on the first screenshot and you didn't have this before basically okay you might think okay why am why is my rankings increasing um on calorie tracking then right if it's not being indexed but I think it has to do with conversion rate someone looking for calorie tracker and then they are converting because of the first screenshot you see calorie tracker written and they think oh that's red app I'm going to convert rankings increase. For now, I at least I haven't seen any indicator that it's really being indexed. I don't say they're not doing it in the future. Maybe they are, but for now, I can't I don't have proof. Let's say it like this. >> And then Google, I thought Google has talked about doing this. Am I misremembering that? Yes, they have talked about it but also there I'm I I doubt they are doing it because I can't like we can't prove that we add if you add keywords to screenshots on app store nor Google play that it helps you with the like in an isolated way that it helps you with the rankings. So if you would put a keyword that is not part of your main keyword set you won't increase rankings by adding it to the to the screenshots. >> Okay. And then uh one more quick question from Vlad is would you recommend to publish a short descriptive video instead of the first screenshot? Um, yes it can be very beneficial but I've seen both and I have we have had videos that decrease conversion rate but we have had videos with clients that like increased and both both directions for theoret like in there's a direction like for games it's more often working than not and for apps I think it's very it depends on many things on the quality of the video what you're showing on the video the video itself is a art to do properly. >> Yeah. So, of course, you could say maybe the videos we tested weren't good enough. A good video would have increased the conversion rate. It's a >> Yeah, I I would >> I personally had the same experience. I used to have a video and I used uh the app store has a built-in AB test tool. Google Play Store does as well, I believe. And yeah, I saw mine going down uh because of the video whenever I tested it without it. >> Um it can work though. So, I would never disregard it. I would always test it. I would try. I would test even different um video setups. So for example, Kelly, I can imagine if you show how easy it is to take a video, but they are also not doing videos if I remember. They don't have a video online. But if you show someone how easy it is to use your app, it might help still. It probably didn't. That's why they don't do it, >> right? Yeah. >> So just my two cents. Um and then yeah, good and bad. like it's not bad necessarily because big brands it's a different game right they're playing but for small apps new apps I don't recommend going the the unclear brand name logo way if you look at the left side the holy bible okay it's logical it's a bible app the calorie or or the training app for for your um like belly you know or the QR code scanner app this will help in most cases increase your conversion rate because the users immediately know what the app is about. If you read the NHS or if you look at this red um circle graphic down here, you wouldn't know on the right hand side like what are these apps even doing. And that's why I would always go if I have a new app, I would go with a more descript descriptive icon than with a um brand icon. We have tested this many times and in most cases descript descriptive icons one over the brand icons. Of course, this rule is not true for Spotify Dualingo. Different rules, different game, >> right? And they're not entire they're not relying on ASO the same way. Uh >> it's it's just it's just a different game. >> Yep. >> Um yeah, pillar number three, and we already like towards the end of the presentation, like there's a a couple of more things. Ratings and reviews, they matter a lot. Um you can influence them. If you have a great app, of course, you will get good reviews. Uh also if you ask um you know strong ratings, higher rankings, that's just um something that's true. If you have a good you have higher conversion rates, if you have a better app, you have more daily active users, very likely that's because you have good ratings and all of that influences your rankings. So rankings are a main KPI to keep track of. Um users don't like to do reviews. So you have to push them a bit. um you have to either ask them or um encourage them with other options and bad reviews can hurt if unmanaged because you can answer those reviews. You can answer them in a very constructive way explaining the problem telling the user that you're going to solve it. They might even change that the rating they gave you. So, this is something um important to care because if there's let's say there's a one-star review saying, "Oh, I can't track the calories for this app. This is a because of this and that or this happened to me, you can explain what the user maybe should have done instead." And if other re users read your communication, they think, "Oh, okay. Maybe this guy did something wrong. I I don't trust this review." And then they think it's maybe not that bad. Um ratings and reviews. So you can proactively ask, right? Like with the standard um review, let's say prompt. Um ask in the right moment. Don't ask immediately. Ask maybe after like let's say the first meal has been tracked after a moment that you think your user has understood your app that like a successful moment in your app. Um, you can also have like a let's say like a a nonproactive way of asking can let's say rate us button in the app. So if they go to the settings or wherever you place it, they have a rate me button and then it's a more let's say passive way. Um, yeah, don't forget to reply um to this negative reviews. And what's also important, yeah, timely prompts. Um, after positive user actions, don't overwhelm with too many prompts because you can go to negative. If you always shoot them the prompt, they will think it's very annoying that your app is always asking for reviews. >> Um, and you can use personal triggers or you can use custom prompts. I like the custom prompts a lot usually um because you >> The custom prompts are something you build yourself before you go the the native prompt, right? >> Exactly. So this would be a custom one that looks just nicer. It's more encouraging, you know, these little very nice I don't know what these are. Drops or sheep. I I find them nice. I would rate them. So um this is important to yeah keep in mind. And then the last the bonus section. Um it's pre-order campaigns. I mentioned it in the very beginning, right, that you can even create some buzz before the app is live. And those are called pre-order campaigns, prerec campaigns. um you can build awareness before you start and what happens is all those users if you create a like attention like pre-register signups it's a wait list let's say 100 users have pre-registered for your app you go your app goes live and then it is automatically downloaded to their phones this means from the very first moment you will have more users um you will have more downloads and downloads are pushing your keyword rankings so you will get additional visibility because of um those installs that already basically happened before. So, you push your app even more. When you launch a new app, you get an an kind of initial push anyways. And this will make this initial push even stronger and make you rank better for keywords and um make you better discoverable in the store in the end. That's what you want. And that's it already. So, um now we have time for questions. Of course. Um I would be happy if you get in touch with me. You can if you didn't understand something, you can write me questions on LinkedIn. You can write me on email. I'm really happy to help. Um you can also explore our ASO academy. So the appra.com ASO academy, you can read through it. It's very easy and understandable. And um something special from our team um also big kudos our thanks to to KA and the team. Um, we have uh like our um ASO tool operator for 30-day free access. This is a great opportunity to test um or to do an initial research for your app if you haven't done it. Um check it out with the code chipaton, you can do it. Um I recommend it and yeah, that's it from my presentation. >> Awesome. Thank you so much. We are we're slightly over time. Uh, so if anybody had to drop, this will all although I don't know why I'm talking to people who dropped, but this will all be available uh after the fact on uh the Revenue YouTube channel. Uh, so you can go check that out. Also, if you know you're in the throws of trying to release your app right now and uh you're listening to this and it's interesting, but it's going to be a week before you get into this, you can always rewatch this uh because this was insanely helpful. I already have I have a little list of things I want to do uh to my app based on some of the stuff we talked about here. So, at least selfishly, uh this was extremely helpful. So, thank you so much. Uh thank you to everybody for joining and I'll share really quick. Uh so, join us next week uh actually on Monday. So, this is going to be a day earlier than normal. It's not on Tuesday. It'll be on Monday. um where Evelyn Herrera is going to join us and talk about the process of selling your app uh and what that looks like which is to me very fascinating. I have some friends who've gone through it but I haven't personally and uh I think as people are kind of coming out of the shipon with all this shipping energy and new apps in their portfolio uh this might be a really interesting topic. So um I'm super excited about it as usual. Please come with uh your questions. Um, Evelyn already has said, I hope people are very uh interactive because she just wants to talk to everybody about this because she's just passionate about this topic. So, uh, excited to see you all there and uh, until next time, happy shipping. >> Goodbye. Thank you everybody.