Awesome. >> Cool. All right. So, uh, now that we know where you're coming from, let's just talk about who we are. Uh, so my name is Charlie Chapman. I'm glad to be back. Uh, big thanks to Matt in Peru for, uh, filling in while I was traveling the globe, eating lots of good food uh, in Asia. Um, but I am back. So, I am Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate at RevCat and self-proclaimed captain of the Shipeton. And with me uh this time is Jovin from Mobin. Thank you for joining Jovin. >> Thanks for having me here. >> And then uh Vah from payw walls.design who's been involved in a bunch of revenue c uh weird side projects lately. >> Thanks. Thanks Charlie. Thanks for organizing this. >> Um and so uh this these live streams the whole point of these is to be interactive with you all. Um, and this one in particular is, I think, a extremely good opportunity to, uh, ask designers and, uh, paywall experts questions about things that you're dealing with in your app. You know, we're about halfway through the shipon. Um, although I know lots of people are just joining now, which last year's hackathon was actually only a month, so you're actually you're you're okay if you're just joining now, but a lot of you are probably at the stage where you're implementing inapp purchases or something into your app and you're trying to design a payw wall. So this is a great opportunity to uh to ask questions and figure out, you know, what's good advice for for designing your payw wall or just designs around your app in general. Um so best place to do that is if you're in uh the webinar itself in Livtorm, you can ask questions uh directly in there. There's a questions tab. That's the best place to do it. Um there's also a chat. Love to see hellos or you can throw a question in there too. Um but there's a chance I might not see it. And then if you're watching on YouTube or Twitter or anywhere else, uh you can join the Discord and throw questions in there. I'll be monitoring that. Um so please, please, please put your questions in here. We're not going to have a hard time filling an hour with uh with the conversation here, but it's going to be a lot more fun if we're getting questions from you all directly. So definitely do that. All right, let's go around the horn and talk about what's happening in the world of Shipeton. So uh the building public energy across the internet has gotten very exciting. It's it's even more dense than before. Uh so much stuff is happening. But I just want to highlight three that I saw recently that are pretty exciting. So uh Sans uh just started actually uh a couple days ago. Actually a couple days ago I was in Korea at a meetup and she was there and uh came up to me and said is it too late to start now? And I was like no like absolutely this would be a good time. And then she already started I think that she has like two or three uh videos already talking about what she wants to build and what she's building. So very cool to see people just now getting started and already generating a bunch of cool content and and getting the ball rolling. >> Um U5 uh has this really interesting app. Actually, it looks like they're they've already shipped like multiple apps, which is kind of cool. But the latest one they uh started building is this uh AI nail designer app. So, you can just take a picture of your hands and it will add different nail designs based on ones that you see online onto your hand, which I just thought was a really kind of cool idea. Um, and then Jorge uh is doing a bunch of YouTube videos about their process of building. Um, and those have been really cool to to watch kind of come through. So, those are some cool ones we're seeing. There's a lot of them. So, definitely check out uh the hashtag shipathon hashtag is probably the easiest one to look at on basically any social media or YouTube. Um, and just see a whole bunch of really cool stuff coming across. Um, also there's been a bunch of Shipan in real life events uh all over the place. I think they've covered a lot of them that have been happening. I was at some uh in in Korea for example. Um, but there's two uh other ones that I don't think we've talked about yet. So, in Shennai and India, there was an IndieHub uh event with a bunch of people. Pizza looked like a really good time. And then also in the Philippines, uh there was an event with I think it was uh Swift PH and uh Flutter Group there. Um and that one looked uh super awesome. Mitchie Mitchie organizes a lot of cool events. If you've ever come to WWDC, she does some really cool stuff there as well. So, it was cool seeing uh her hometown group uh and and them doing a ship town event. So, that's very exciting. And there's a bunch uh coming up as well. So, on Friday, there's going to be one in Helsinki. Uh on Saturday, there's one in Delhi, another one in India. Um in the UK, there's actually a couple coming up. There's one in Manchester on uh Monday. And then on next Wednesday, not this coming Wednesday, there's an event in uh London at the Ramen Space Co-working uh space, which looks very very cool. Uh I really wish I could go to that one because uh that's kind of a group I've been following for a while. And uh that that one will be really really exciting, I think. And then also uh there's one in my hometown in St. Louis uh Missouri. My uh sort of starting to grow a uh STL Swift meetup uh in St. Louis and we are doing kind of our first like real meetup. We do lunches all the time, but uh we actually got some space. We're going to have food and we're going to talk about shipping apps. So very excited about that. Um and can't wait to see pictures from all these events. All right, so let's get into the actual program here. Uh so this is going to be about uh designing an effective payw wall. Um but we're also going to talk about one of our sponsors and uh contributor to the shipkit, Mobin. And so I'm going to pass it over to Jovin to kind of talk about what Mobin is and how you can use it to for overall for designs for your app and then also for designing your payw wall. >> Thank you Charlie. Um so I'm going to start with just introducing uh what Mobin is if you haven't heard of Min already. Um so Mobin you can think of it as like an extremely large and comprehensive database of real world app designs from best-in-class apps around the world. Um so for example we we feature apps like Dualingo, Airbnb, Pinterest um and so on so forth. Um a lot of indie apps in there as well. And the idea behind this is so that you know um um as a app developer instead of having to take out your phones and do a bunch of screenshots to figure out hey what the best practices are. you go to modern and it's a database where you can search um very specific uh screen patterns, UI elements or user flows and see it neatly organized uh for for uh for inspiration and research purposes. Um I'm going to show you guys a demo in a bit. Uh but overall just think of Bobin as uh kind of like Pinterest uh for uh UIUX design research. Um um to find BO design inspiration without having to see through like a bunch of conceptual UIUX designs on say dribble or behans. Um people use it to benchmark and do competitor research effortlessly and also discover best practices um and stay up to date with uh the latest design trends. Yeah. And um next slide. Yeah. And then to give a little bit of historical context to Mobin, uh we actually started Mobin um when the three of us, me and my two other co-founders, Jiho and JJ. Uh we we ourselves were mobile app developers uh back in 2018 actually. And uh when we were developing our apps back then um I was building a journaling app, Jim was building like a personal finance app. Uh I believe that got actually quite large in in Korea. Um we realized that one big problem is that um we were screenshotting a lot apps for references, right? And our photo albums were just like full of these screenshots. So we we created like a Dropbox file like that's like Vzero of Mobin and we just like dumped all the screenshots in there. Uh and then we organized it. Okay, these are like uh pay wall screens. These are like on boarding flows. We shared that around u our app uh builder community and like people were nudging us to build um mobin as like an actual project. So we shipped it on product hunt u and it just took off from there. So, the mobile app, >> by the way, it is crazy to me that this started in 2018 because 2019 was when I became an iOS developer and the designer on my team like recommended this as if it was this industry standard that everybody used and I've been using it for all of my apps since uh so I thought it was much older than that. >> Yeah, that's awesome. Um, love to hear that. Um, I think we have a lot of users that went back to like 2019, 2018, back when Morgan was still like completely free and it's just like this little toy that we created. Um, and just just a little bit more context, we were doing this in college back then, so we were still students. Um, and we only graduated in 2020 and uh went full-time and and kind of built that library out. Um, yeah. So, so mobile apps was like our first love. uh we will move on develop this um we have curations going back to 2018 which I'll show you guys in a bit um and then in 2022 we introduced web apps um as well in docuation like we and then 2025 we started going to websites as well so the the idea here is that we want to eventually build out like the biggest uh database of uh UI and UX inspiration um think of it as kind of like the way back machine but for your UX uh design uh that's fully searchable and it it will eventually index a lot of good design uh and just archive it over a long period of time and that that would be a very useful and cool tool uh as what we believe in. Um next slide. Yeah. So I'm going to jump into Mobin and just show you guys uh some features. So I'm going to touch on just like the general features for now and then I'll dive deep into payw wall design which is the topic that we're going to discuss today. Um so I'm going to share my screen and kind of orientate you uh around the product so that you can kind of see how this might be useful in your app development process. So I'm on the homepage of uh Mob right now and I'm on the pro plan which uh all of you should have uh three month free uh access to the pro plan if you are joining uh shipon. So >> yeah look in your look in your ship kit uh email and there's a promo code that you can use for that. >> Yeah. So just for starters to orientate you here um we organized mobin uh into iOS apps, web apps and sites and over here you can kind of see like the filters that we have like these are just like a teaser but if you click on a search bar you can see that actually we have tagged all these uh by its individual I would say atomic elements of what what goes into the screen uh what what does UI element and what makes up a user flow, right? So, you can actually search very granular things like okay, sign up screens, login screens, forget password, uh empty states, right? Everything that you need to make uh like to design and build uh a mobile app, right? And UI elements, you have elements like buttons, accordions, uh checkbox, color picker, uh search bars. So that's how we really designed uh Min to make it like super granular so that you can look at very specific things and just see how people design it in the real world. Um and finally user flows which I think is one of the most delivered feature on Min. Um so you can search something like onboarding and then essentially you have 743 um different examples of onboarding flows that you can look at and some of these um are really cool because like we also capture the videos right. So if you're looking at like a specific part of this like say this, you can just hop onto the time stamp and you jump right into that part of the video and you'll be able to see how the interactions work uh over there. So this is uh filtering across like many different apps. Uh you can also add combination filters. So for example um if you have say the the sign up and then you add like uh forgot password um you can kind of search by the the text in screenshot um what's very relevant for you guys would be uh say pay wall right okay I'm going to unfilter this and then you can search for like um basically if you're thinking of something uh to end a pay wall say like a lifetime plan, right? You can see exactly which apps are offering that lifetime plan. Does that app look like yours and why should you be considering uh doing this? Right? So, think of it as that research database tool. >> Um that right there has come in clutch for me many times uh where I'm looking for a specific weird how does everybody else handle this. Uh, another one that I've I I often will do is uh all plans where you're you know how some people have those buttons at the bottom and just having a dozen examples of apps that do exactly that uh in seconds is awesome. So much faster than downloading you know a dozen apps and trying to go through all their onboarding. Yeah, I I'll still recommend um everyone to download apps and and give it a shot because like u it's still important to to understand the nuances that we can't fully capture in mob. But over time, we're trying to introduce more and more uh features that captures those nuances. for example, animations, micro uh interactions. We are going to introduce that into our library uh end of this quarter or early uh Q4, which I'm very excited about because like there's a lot of amazing apps with uh micro interactions. So, um one good example here um is the the example I always go to is dual lango. Um and I want to show you one last feature before we move on to pay walls. It's the flow trees. And I think a lot of people miss out on this feature, but it's incredibly powerful. Um, what we've done here is that for every app that we curate, we actually um curate based on the flow tree so that we we fully understand how that information architecture of the app flows, right? So we we don't just like screenshot and and call it a day. So we actually like uh deck it out um flow by flow. And if you look at how we organize this, right? Um, for example, home is like the top of the hierarchy, right? And you have all these uh individual flows that goes into that homepage. And then you have quests, you have uh the practice hub, right? So this this allows you to kind of see that big picture overview. And what's super uh interesting about this is you could also filter by certain flows and see where exactly it lies in that flow tree. So for example um dual lingo is uh premium app right. So what we've done in our curation process is that we make sure to play around with that free plan enough before subscribing to super and then subscribing to max because they have different tiers. Um they got free super and max right. So the flow tree allows you to have a better understanding of this without having to take like 600 screenshots of of Dolingo and and see what's up. Um yeah. Yeah. So you can look at the videos too because Dolingo has a lot of interesting like micro interactions animations which makes it very useful. Um yeah. So I I'll say like Mobin is in general like a simple app. Um just play around a bit um and definitely hit us up if you have any feedback. We're constantly trying to improve. Uh one last thing to showcase before I move on to pay walls is we recently introduced um widgets um live activities and dynamic islands. So um I think the out of app experience is getting more and more important uh not just the inapp experience. So we are thinking about how we can uh do those things as well. Uh eventually um we want to evolve mob into kind of like a graph uh where you can see the whole user journey not not just in app but out of app as well. So things like push notifications um the land page the sites um the emails that you get um and so on so forth every single part of that user journey uh in app and out of app. So this is one small step towards that. Um so this is widgets. There's dynamic islands as well. Let's see. Yeah, dynamic islands is basically these these things, right? Um and then obviously there's life activities which is getting really really popular. Um in some specific niche niches like um food delivery um very popular. You can kind of see how yeah airlines you can see how Dolingo uh has this uh and things like that. Yeah. So we we are constantly evolving this as design trends shift and improving the library as we go. Okay, cool. Um now I'm going to talk about specifically pay walls. Um, and I think I really shared this, uh, but you can easily search for pay wall examples on modern here. Uh, what you want to do is, um, if you are starting out fresh, my recommendation, I'm not sure what Bah would or Charlie would recommend, uh, but my recommendation is keep it simple, right? Just go with a design that works. And when you're starting out, you're trying to look for product market fit, right? So you just pick something simple that works. Um, focus on finding product market fit. And once you find product market fit and you you you you have your first revenue, then it makes sense to start AB testing things, which um I'll touch on a bit. Um there's a lot of tactical um things that you can do to improve like your pay walls from the first uh version, but just start off simple uh would be my recommendation. And um if you go on Marvin, you can kind of see like a lot of um payw wall examples that are simple that you can just like be inspired by. I believe the revenue cat uh revenue cat has like a payw wall library as well uh that you can use. They have a payw wall tool that has templates in it. That's awesome. Just start there is my recommendation. See how other people are doing it. Uh don't really vent the wheel too much and focus on shipping fast and getting feedback uh from customers. Right? If you want to see specific things, you can um just hop here and like see for example, if you want to introduce a weekly plan, right? You can just search by weekly and see how people are doing it. You can search by lifetime, see how people are doing it. Um just collect some examples and and see hey has this been done. Uh you'll notice that different industries have very different ways of designing pay walls. Um so for example uh let's see I actually collected some specific examples for you guys here. Um over time you'll notice that um certain industries do like for example the dating industry they all have the same pay wall because they've all like AB tested their way into the same uh direction. So for example Bumble um Tinder right they all have the same thing which is like they have a weekly plan a monthly plan a three-month plan um they have different tiers as well and so on so forth. So it really is contextual to the industry uh or or the category of app that you're going for. So you want to look at pay walls in that category um and try not to reinvent the wheel too much first. Once you have revenue, you can start AB testing um which once you're ready um you can use AB test.design design which is a resource that we've compiled um with a lot of examples. So let me just walk through some of these and then I have one final slide before uh I I pass the time over to Vah. So if you go to AV testdesign it's basically a curation of AV test results uh from the best inclass apps. Um the reason why we created this is because like Bobin has a lot of like what people are doing but uh some of us are like okay why do they do this then right and we weren't able to answer that uh until we started to do a research here so for example um you see a lot of apps doing this uh timeline thing right the idea is to reduce anxiety for free trials Um, and Blinkist has kindly shared uh the AB test results so we don't have to reinvent the wheel. And you know, like you could take this and like kind of like tell your team, hey, like this guys tried it and they saw this results like why don't we AB test this, right? Or if you want, you could just implement this from the get-go. It's up to you. Um, so this is why there's so many apps doing this. Um a few more examples. Another interesting thing is that uh you'll see a lot of apps offering free trials only on the NL plan. And the reason for this is because like um consumer SAS apps have crazy churn and people on an churn a lot less. So you want to incentivize users to go on an off plan and that's for retention purposes, right? And if you look at uh Dual Lingo um um when they IPOed right they actually showed a graph where the composition or the mix of billing intervals that they have monthly versus annual shifted from like 40% annual to like 70% annual uh in like a threeyear horizon right so they're really optimizing for that annual plan and you want to like look like read in between the lines and see how they've evolved over time to understand you know how are getting more and more people to an plan and this is one of that uh tiny experiments that really increase uh the conversion rates uh for for an plan right not justly uh but apps like headsp space they're doing it as well um the other thing is um there's many ways to design a pay wall right there's hard pay walls soft pay walls there's fremium and uh the that that's one big question that uh app developers always have it's like okay should I have a hard pay wall soft pay wall or or premium right there's no right answer for that because like it really depends on the category of the app as well as the competition that you have um I think in general the advice I see going around is usually okay if you're first starting out do a hard pay wall because that's the easiest way to validate your PMF right uh but eventually you want to evolve into some form of fremium um so that you can get that organic word of mouth growth as well so if you look apps like All Trails, uh, Dualingo, right? Those that dominate the top charts, most of them are premium. Straa for example. And the reason for that is because like, uh, you only get a lot more downloads because a lot of people are not willing to pay for apps, uh, but they still want the value from those apps. And if you can get a lot of people to download the apps on the free plan as well, it'll drive your your chart rankings up and you get a lot of organic uh downloads from being at the top of the charts, right? Um yeah, but I would say that advice kind of pulls through like if today I to build an app, um it really depends on the category. Again, it's contextual, but consider bringing like hot pay offers and then evolving your way to premium. Um but this is Snopes. uh they realized that uh having like a soft pay wall uh works better for their industry rather than hard pay wall. So plenty of these examples um like I mentioned uh headsp space so they interestingly they have like 14-day free trial for an offend and only seven days for monthly right you got to read in between the lines and try to understand why they're doing that um another interesting one um is this defaulting to annual plan and having a little button here that says view all plans it's like a very tiny thing but you realize that um apps like Dualingo uh apps like ahead right some of these consumer SAS apps they do it too what they realize is that if they actually default to ano and have their view all plans most people just like they don't even click on this right they just like go for the ano plan um yeah and it it works because like they saw like a 20% increase in yearly subscriptions uh just by defaulting to annual subscriptions. So, there's plenty of these things um that you can look at this um another one that's really important is um you shouldn't look at pay walls in isolation. Uh but think of it as that whole onboarding process leading up to the pay wall, right? That whole flow. Um you should really think about that because it matters a lot, right? So an app like OPPO uh I I believe they actually copied this from flow uh which vah is working in flow right now and I think uh flow pioneered a lot of modern >> maybe they did I don't know >> yeah flow flow pioneered a lot of these modern like growth practices and like um all these apps they just copy from each other because it really works um so this one's important because I think it's important concept to grasp what they realized is that um for Opel what they realized is that the motivation leading up to the pay wall, right? Building that story line uh it really mattered because like once they did that they saw the trail sign out rate like skyrocket like it's crazy. It's like 100 plus%. Right. Um, so actually maybe it's better to show you guys from mob here because we have it here. Yeah. Um, yeah. So you can kind of see their onboarding flow. Um, oops, sorry. Right. They they have a bunch of questions, right? What's your daily average screen time? How old are you? Blah blah blah. And then they immediately show you, okay, the bad news is that um you're going to spend 22 years on your phone, which is terrible. But the good news is we can save you like six years if you use Opal. All right? So like think of it as like the consumer site, right? It's like, oh like now I have to use this app. Motivation goes up. Um and then next uh let's see, right? I I believe this is the one that they also kind of copied from flow, right? Uh let's solidify with a fist bump. So you see this pattern a lot in different apps which is like okay let's do a commitment pact right flow has this um screen as well and this is it's kind of like you might think it's cringe or it's techy but it actually works right like okay now let's like uh this is like a deal right like uh fist bump like we're going to get this done then they show the pay wall and once they tested this they realized hey like conver rates really skyrocket Yeah. Um yeah. So I I I believe like uh again it depends on the category. Uh this has worked very well for self-improvement apps, health and fitness apps in general. Um and it's important to see what uh your category equivalents are doing. Uh because these apps, they have huge growth teams and they're testing like hundreds and hundreds of AB tests every year. So why reinvent the wheel when you can kind of like so-called copy or or or steal some of these uh ideas from them, right? Um but again going back to my main point, um start simple, get the product market fit, then iterate your way. Um because there's a lot of low hanging fruits that are just there for you to to kind of learn and iterate on. Yeah. Okay. Um, I'm gonna let you guys just go and digest all these yourselves because I don't have a lot of time. You hand out over to Bah. Uh, but Shy, can you bring us back to the slides and I'll just wrap up um the last few variables. Yeah. >> Yeah. I could spend like a day talking about this. It's only 15 minutes. >> It's a huge It's a huge topic. >> Yeah. Um, next slide. Yeah. So I this is a wall of text but um basically everything um that there's so many variables that goes into the pricing page. I'm just going to touch on this like two three minutes right I mentioned pay wall type right conversion word of mouth like there's a reason why the top apps are usually premium. If you read in between the lines it's really because like a lot of people using apps don't want to pay. How do you get them to drive growth for your app? That's a big question. Billing intervals, right? You see all sorts of billing intervals. There's weekly, monthly, three months, six months, yearly. I've even seen like two years or three years in certain app categories, right? Um the longer the bill interval, the better retention. My assumption here is most of you are building consumer app uh subscription products and um you want people to be on the yearly the two year the three-year plan rather than the weekly monthly um that's because retention um that there's a good article by uh Jason Kohhan who runs uh WP Engine um that talks about this concept uh he calls it maxr just google like max mrr uh Jason kohhan and you'll you find the article it's critical crucial to understand how um SAS math works right but I'm not going to touch on it too long trials right test no trial 3 days 7 days 14 days 30 days I've even seen 60 days I think Paloton does 60 days right um basically most apps uh convert better with a trial uh but you want to test different ranges because it might differ for for for your specific category uh depending on the competition and so on so forth. Uh consider the willingness to pay curve for pricing. Uh I think this is a little bit more advanced when you're a little bit larger, but think of it as like a curve sloping down this way. And different types of customers have different willingness to pay depending on the value they're getting from your app, right? Some people will never want to pay. It's just what it is. Some people are willing to pay like this amount, right? um maybe you are based in like a lower um like lower purchasing power country you you won't pay as much and then some people like holy this app is great it's like it it blew my mind like I want to pay more so this is why you see apps like archros right they they just recently released the peak plan right so they they used to only have free and plus now they have the peak plan because like some people are hardcore like they really want to like to to draw their own maps or something um that's why Dualingo they only had free and super, but now they have Max, they got super family, they got Max family. Um, that's why Netflix added a ad uh supported tier because they want to go down that wings to pay curve and capture users that weren't able to to pay previously. So consider that concept uh as you start to develop more onboarding leading up to the pay wall matters. I've shown you the Opal example. I bet you can find a lot more examples if you just like scroll around more than uh for your specific category. design elements on the pay wall matters and I think Bah you'll touch on this so I'm not going to touch on this too much um but TLDDR new apps figure out PMF first pick it pick a simple design ship it that's all that matters ship it validate your idea once it gets revenue users you have the traffic to start AB testing then good go and test um optimize through experimentations the largest teams are running hundreds of tests thousands of tests Um, this is true and if you want to compete, you have to run tests, too. Um, the ideas are all out there. Um, check out abest.design. Uh, check out the podcast that revenue cat has. It's fantastic because we we actually cured a lot of examples from that. Um, check out Marvin. See what people are doing and just just keep iterating on it. Yeah, I'm going to end off here. I think I overshot, but hopefully it's useful. >> No, that was super useful. Yeah. Yeah. Um, all right. I will uh go ahead and let Vah explain what payw walls.design is and kind of uh basically why all the advice that uh you're about to give is going to be uh super trustworthy. And then uh my dogs are very much whining at me to go outside right now. So, I'm going to just disappear for a second while you're explaining that, but I can hear you. I'll be right back. >> That's that's all right. That's Yeah, thanks. Thanks. Thanks, Join for the for the first part. So, for those who don't know me, I'm F. I founded a paywall.design and payroll.design is a services where we are helping different consumer subscription apps mostly after product market fit optimizing their revenue strategy. It calls paywall.design design, but is we are not only helping consumer apps with the pay walls, but also overall like 360 revenue strategy, helping to optimize their pricing, their like placement of the uh pay walls, when they should charge the customers, how they should design their like if if it's a premium app, how to design your free plan, how to design your premium plan, how to do the discount strategies, etc. Before this I used to work with different kind of consumer app companies for the past five six years. Um I was working lately at flow. Then I quit my job and started this company. Uh most a lot of kind of a big consumer app clues are are clients. Um you probably at least uh you you probably are using at least one of our clients and in daily basis and just like as I mentioned like helping them to optimize running all of this uh pay wall uh or monetization experiments and helping them to improve their RP and their conversion rates that's for the paywall design and today I just want to kind of a go through not kind of a two detailed topics or two kind of advanced topics, but just probably go through some like a design patterns or design elements that by changing on your payables or adding to your pay walls, you could probably improve the conversion rate and just earn more revenue from your users. If Charlie, you move to other slides. Um so some time ago when I started the company it was last December I I put this uh tweet where I mentioned okay I built 100 plus pay walls now we built 100 plus pay walls in like three days but at that time you know 100 plus pay walls that generated over like a 50 million revenue and there are like a five things that always boost payw wall conversion rates and I'll just go through all of this kind of five elements and just try to discuss um and kind of show why it's kind of um is important and how it can help you to improve your conversion rate. The first one is animated elements to boost conversion rate. So what happens now? I mean you heard about this a lot about user attention span etc etc and then when you use you hit users with a static screens usually they treat it as another banner or as another screen and they might just dismiss or just click next or whatever just quickly pass your pass the page. So it is very important to try to capture their attention when they hit to your pay wall. And one of the best ways to do it especially for this is true for mostly for the discount or sales related pay walls is having some sort of animated elements to your pay wall. You can animate any element. It can be a graphic. It can be an icon. It can be subtle movement. Anything that kind of makes user to interrupt the scrolling or interrupt the like going through uh the onboarding flow just changing all the like going from one screen to another screen. Here's an example of we did for like a fintech app. They're running like a Black Friday, if I'm not mistaken, Black Friday or some sort of other like a sales campaign. Having this like a lifetime discount label moving through the pay wall like really really improved the conversion rate. I think we had like a more than like 2x improvement on the conversion rate compared to another pay wall which was basically the same thing but without the uh this animated movement of the lifetime discount uh label. >> Have you found that that's is that universally true >> because I've frequently heard and I've I've had this in not payw walls but in some other areas that I've tested. I've seen animations actually drop conversions and the theory, at least to me, was always that like instead of clicking through, people are actually stopping and looking at the thing uh and it like slows them down and then maybe they get distracted or something like that and then they never fully convert. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I never tested it uh it outside of a pay walls to be honest. Like I'm not sure how is it like within inapp. >> Yeah. I'm more curious within pay walls because yeah I I have animations in mind but I was never sure if that was actually a bad idea or not. >> Yeah I usually say like animations especially for discount related payw wall they tend to pay well they tend to kind of uh perform way better. I don't one of these example that is not here is like the spin the wheel pay walls when instead of just giving users a discount you show them a spin that like the wheel that spins and that's like a animation that goes around like a two three seconds which is like you think about two seconds that's short but it's not short like us like a the wheel spinning for two seconds to get like um to get a discount and I trust you like I've tested like tens of times it always works um for the main kind of onboarding payables it's kind of a mixed I saw cases that is working and some cases that is not working but I get to see a case for like a promotion related payable that doesn't work I I imagine also kind of maybe behavioral thing you know because like maybe people associate discounts or something with like excitements and like with animation it is easy to show excitement >> um you know you're popping balloon tunes or having the spin wheels or like this like a flash uh a flash sale label or whatever going through the pay wall. I think it's kind of a part of the excitement that user associate um discounts or promotion sales with that's why it works. But again for the for the regular pays like on boarding like I always saw kind of mix data I think it's better to test to see how it is working for you. But if you're running promotional payable, definitely at least the spin wheel is kind of one of the uh best techniques you could use. >> Good to know. You want to go to the next one? >> Moving forward. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go to next one. So, next one we have the save 50% which is um so this is about not messing up with your copyrightiting. People try to be clever with the copyrightiting on a pay walls but that's not good. uh usually keep it as simple as possible and it's always going to work. Instead of like coming out with a fancy wording or fancy kind of headlines for a pay wall and putting a lot of text even like you don't need a lot of text on your table just put like a if it's a promotional table just put the percentage of the discount or price like in this example like say 50%. and just maybe like a two other lines about the features or the benefits or the value proposition that users will get after like subscribing and that's um probably is enough. Uh and usually it is enough and you don't really need to and when you're trying to be way clever with your cooperating usually it messes up with the conversion rate because you you can even like changing your words and the word you use you can create like second thoughts on user mind and maybe they don't understand what they're subscribing to or what is the offer exactly. I think just keep the pay wall like as simple as possible. Just have the price, just have the discount percentage and just probably a couple words about um the u the value that they are going to get and that should be enough. I'm pretty sure testing this against another pay wall which tries to be more clever and have a lot of information on it might not work unless you have a very expensive price point. Like if you have a very expensive price point like uh let's say you are charging $130 per year. That's very expensive price for a subscription. Usually you need to have like a long payables for it to kind of justify why you're charging $130. >> You're essentially communicating value just with the amount of text. >> Yeah. >> Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. a longer pay long form payroll or multi-step pay wall. Like a multi- idea of the multi-step pay wall is not just not hitting users with a static with a pay wall that this is the features, this is a price just pay but like making them to go through several screens where you could build trust. You can remove the trial anxiety. You can share some thoughts about like a value and how the app can help them. Usually like if you have a very expensive subscription like more than $100 or even more than like $80, you should consider doing like either like long form pay walls or multi-step pay walls. But like if you got a way of charging like if you're charging like $20 per year and let's say you are a utility app, all right, you don't need to have this clever things. People download the app to like a scan a QR code. They just want to get >> trying to solve a problem. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And then if you if you just add all of this like fancy payw wall stuff, you're just going to create kind of additional friction for the users and that's going to decrease your conversion rate. >> Oh, interesting. >> So yeah, the price point is very important like the that kind of dictates what kind of pay wall you should have. Is it like should be like a short to straight to the point or like more fancier or like a or like long different steps etc etc. >> Cool. Uh, you want me to go to the next one? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go to the next one. Here we have um Yeah. Again, getting back to discount pay walls. One thing that works the best is having your discount percentage like presented really big on your pay wall because user mostly care okay what is the discount I'm getting? And then secondly, okay, what's the price that I'm going to pay for? And because if you lead to the price, you're gonna scare them away. If you lead them with a discount and like at 80% big like 80% or 68% off in this case, and then you have the price, the first thought is, "Oh, I I'm getting like 80% discount. Uh oh. Uh, we lost VH." Uh, man, it was just uh it's like a dramatic uh drop off there. Um, okay. Well, while we're Oh, >> he lost me. >> Oh, he came back quickly. Okay. Yes. >> Yeah, I'm back. >> You're back. >> You lost me? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So dramatic. >> I was gonna Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say I was going to say don't lead with a price when you're doing with the discount pay walls. Lead with a discount percentage. Because when you're putting like 80% of big on the pay wall screen, the first thought user is going to have, oh, I'm saving 80%. And then you're going to look at the price. When you when you lead with the price, say, oh, $20, this is not discounted $20, but the first impression is the price, not not the discount. So it's kind of the the way of you perceive user like you kind of kind of like nudge user to think and you probably kind of need to package this a good deal which is and little with a discount or you're saving 80% the price then okay you can look at a price yeah we can discuss but like you are saving you're saving like 80% like leading with a big discount is good like this timers and stuff I mean this is like very very old technique from e-commerce like whatever But like people think it is not working but usually you can see you are not going to see like a very huge improvements but you're going to see some improvements like probably just putting a timer or countdown timer you are not going to see like a 50% improvement on ARPU but you might see like 4% 5%. And it depends on what kind of revenue you're making what is the volume of your app it could be transform into a good amount of money. So you can have it, but do in your mind it should be like, okay, this is not going to be a deal breaker or game changer. It's just gonna help me to optimize. >> If you have timers like that, um, and you're actually like they're real like the the discount goes away after that timer ends, would that wouldn't that decrease like conversions that you get later because people have that idea of like, well, I'll wait until a discount shows back up in their head. >> That's a that's a good point actually. Well, the only kind of like I I saw a couple customer support requests when people accidentally dismissed the pay wall. They're like, "Oh, how can I go back to the pay wall? It was just limited time offer. I want to go back and grab the discount." >> I didn't see the cases where people would wait because like if you put the timer five minutes, no one is going to like stay and stare through the screen for five minutes until the discount is going to do. Well, it's more like if they decide not to go with it, presuming it's not a hard pay wall, so there's a premium mode and then later they decide like, "Oh, this is worth it." Do you usually have this discount to show that that second time, too, or is it kind of like >> Yeah, you you Yeah, you you you probably always need to show this like a multiple times, not only once. It's like the way it works is like if you imagine a curve where you you have the in one axis you have the n number of times you present this pay wall and the other axis you have the conversion rate. When you start to show it once, twice, three times, you'll see the big increase in conversion rate. Then in each time you're just going to get diminishing returns. It's just going to go down, go down, go down, go down over time. And like if you just do one, you're gonna miss out probably like a lot of opportunities there. Like you probably need to circle it around like a couple times. Um this one of the reasons is that yeah, people might think, "Oh, I'm just gonna pass now. Maybe I'll do it tomorrow." And if you don't show it tomorrow, you'll miss me miss out this user. You still can have like this this timer and you can say, "All right, this timer is for this session. this on this pay wall like right now it's available for 5 minutes you miss it maybe you will see it in two days maybe we will not >> um there's an interesting question here that's relevant to this from uh Mont >> is it more effective to use numbers and the word like you are getting 50% off or to use plain text like you are getting it for half the price have you tested anything like that before >> usually I don't think I tested it before to be honest. But I think numbers should work better because >> that would be my suspicion >> like a lot of a lot of users like if you think about a lot of user don't know what it means like half the price or like the quarter of the price. If you again this is also about like don't try to be clever. If it's like 50% of just say this is 50% off. >> Yeah. >> It just easier to digest numbers than like a plain text >> and that I never tested it to be honest but that that would be my assumption. That makes sense. Cool. All right. Uh let's move to the next one. I do want to make sure we get to questions and we're already getting kind of uh short on like I knew we would. >> Such a dense top. >> Yeah. I'm gonna So, so another one is again we talk about discounts a lot today, but like Okay. The another thing is like when you're doing discount sales, always try to package it and give it a reason why this is happening. You don't want to create a impression that oh this is you are your subscription is not selling and you're doing like discounts every other day. Try to package it with something. If user, if some user didn't open your app for five days and they come back and you have a discount offer, say, "Oh, this is a welcome back discount offer. We are very happy you came back after 5 days. We are giving you a discount." If somebody Oh. Uh, I think we lost your audio. >> Yeah. Can you hear me now? >> Now I can hear you. Yes. >> Okay. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. I was gonna say if if somebody uninstalled your app and installed again and you can track this if this is an iOS app again say and you have an offer said this a welcome back offer and don't say oh we just have like a 63% off or something always give a reason like you have there's a lot of kind of the second time offers that most of the apps are giving to users when they decline on boarding pay wall or they don't subscribe within like few hours. Don't just say oh you you this is the offer just like okay this is a newcomer offer you always kind of it also it kind of makes it selective it makes a bit personalized not crazy personalized but at least a bit personalized and gives a reason why I'm getting this discount and one one thing you don't want to have is an impression that you >> I think we I think we lost >> Nope back it's How about How about Wait, wait. Uh this is this uh Let me remove my iPhone. Wait, I think >> livetorm is uh is doing its weird bug again. >> Yeah. Can you hear me now? >> Yes. >> Okay. Yeah, perfect. Uh yeah, you don't want to even if you have sales every day, you don't want to make the impression that it is just there, you know, just give them some packaging and like give a reason why it is happening. Yeah, this is it about it. Um what what we have here. So and I think this is the last one. >> Yes. >> Um >> yeah, I mean again this is a comes to the point when many many times the blinkies timelines and the feature compression tables, the FAQ pages and long pay wall doesn't work just if you need to do two things. I think I think what makes the best pay wall is you you try to two things. Explain >> uh >> we lost your audio again. I think it's back. >> Yeah, it's back. Let me just >> So So do two things, right? You you need to show the value and explain the price. That's if you do that, I think it's it's enough. And if you add you do you don't want to try to add like a lot of cognitive friction by with a FAQ pages long information that user doesn't need. I want sometimes I feel like people want to create this long form payables add any information possible. I also saw cases when you add like a help center like intercom button or something this like most of the cases when you do site stuff it just creates a lot of cognitive friction to users. they don't know where to focus, what to do. I just you you need to just I don't know like if even if you're doing it, you got to just make it super super clear and everything you add to your pay wall, you need to understand why you're adding it. Just don't add because everyone is doing it. Just you need to kind of you can always of course look for best practices etc etc but like you need to understand why this have do why you are doing this and if you just nail on showing the value that users are going to get and and the best way and also present your price in a best way I think you're going to have very successful payroll >> interesting okay so based on what you just I'll just go to this was like a pre-anned question I had added >> and there's another one in there I want to ask related to what you just said too but like >> the blinkest style payw wall is one I hear over and over and over again is one that wins out in people's tests >> but it sounds like you're saying don't necessarily just go with that like the the and this actually answers some other questions we've gotten which is like >> I would not yeah I think >> getting started you think >> go with a payw wall >> sorry I cut you off say that again. >> I I was uh sorry I cut you off too. So I was going to say I don't think I would recommend people to just go with a blinkies pay to be honest. I think half of the people who say the blink is payables work for them if they just measure the AB test wrong. >> They just look at a conversion rate conversion rate. >> Yeah. But then No, no. Yeah. But then what happens to your ARPU and then what is your trial cancel rate? I think Yeah. I think I I I know I strong I strongly have a belief that like half of the people who say the blink is payable work for them they just measure their AB test wrong. I just I'm not saying this is a >> interesting >> I'm not saying this a bad pay wall. Not really. But I mean if you're just going to hit your users on how your free trial works and you are just another what is it like a I don't know like a wine scanner app that like nobody heard of. You you they they don't know the brand. I mean this works for Blinkist, too, because they know the like the brand of Blinkist, >> right? >> They see >> the cohort of users coming in are very different than the cohort of users coming into your not super well-known mega brand. >> Yeah. Yeah. Ex. Exactly. And then you go to Instagram, you see the Blinkist ad, you go to like whatever other social network, you see the Blink. I mean, you kind of have some expectations from Blinkist and they can be okay, we we are Blinkist. If you want to use this is how your trial and how it's going to work. And if you're just another I don't know like AI rapper app that like nobody heard of and you just gonna say oh this is how your free trial going to work without and explaining users what is the value that you are going to get. I don't think it's going to work. One way that this can work if you make it like a multi-step pay wall like you have let's say you have like three four screens before this pay wall says oh this is our wine scanning app right you have a video that shows I'm scanning the way the wine and this is like information about it and then oh you we have a by the way to do this we have a free trial and we'll send you reminder two days before the trial ends you explain all of the value then you explain the trial and then you hit with this and say, "Okay, and this is exactly how it's going to work, and this is the price. If you want, you can subscribe. If you don't want the hard pay wall, you can." >> So, you can communicate the value still, >> right? Exactly. >> This payw wall sort of famously doesn't communicate any value at all. >> Yeah. This is this is nothing. It just says if if you just if you just see this payw wall, this like a purple and some text like what is this like what is this app is about? like I I don't know like you know it's just and for a users if you if you think you if you if you think you put like a 10 screens 10 on boarding screens and before this and it's enough for users to understand the value and just say how this is how your trial is going to work I think that's wrong you are mistaken and but like again one of the most successful cases I saw with a blink is payw wall is when it's paired with a multi-step pay wall when you you improve the it show the value then explain that notification sending reminder blah blah and then you show them the actual timeline >> and to your to your point about uh a lot of cases where this wins being it might be people measuring it wrong and also to answer Trent uh Gilroyy's question about is there an easy way for revenue payw walls to test uh to do AB tests the answer to those kind of goes together which is yes so revenue has an experiments feature that is all about yeah >> running these tests and I think the reason that our experiments uh is is well built and it's a good thing to be using is that >> you don't just look at trial conversions we will show you uh we will show you the delta on the entire subscription life cycle so you'll see trial conversions you'll see conversions to paying from that um and then you can keep going down the line to the churn the actual LTV you're getting out of customers and we'll measure it over a year So you can see yes maybe you're getting a huge spike in trial conversions but then if everybody turns after the first well before they even start or after the first month or whatever then is that really the winner? Um >> yeah. Oh that's really interesting >> and and and people think that that doesn't happen when oh if I get a lot of trials then I will have a higher RP but like it happens like very very very like every day. It's like you can >> like you can trick user to take a free trial, >> you know, but then they will cancel it. You can trick the air. You can trick the trial start, but you can trick the RPU. That's the hardest thing about this. >> Um, we are we are at time, but do you do you have a few extra minutes or do you have something you need to get to? Because I do have >> Oh, no. All good. No, no, we can we can Yeah. spare a few more more minutes. >> Okay, Jovin, if you need to if you need to bounce, feel free. Um, but I'm gonna >> Oh, good too. I'm very interested. >> Okay. Yeah, I know. >> Invested in this right now. >> I'm sitting here on the cup of experts. Uh, great. Uh, so, uh, Trent also had a question which I think is really interesting, which is, >> do you have opinions on feature-based paywall messaging? So, showing all of your features, like a list of features versus reviewbased payw walls, showing a ton of fivestar reviews. And I'll add to this question or keeping it even more simple and just having like a discount or even more plain. So I usually see social proof slashreviewbased pay walls having higher conversion that feature based pay walls because like there's the thing right let's say you have a pay wall you put like a 15 bullet points of what features you're offering. No one is gonna read all these 15 bullet points. >> But if you're putting a pay wall that says, "Oh, we have 5.8 out of five, sorry, 4.8 out of five rating, 5 million whatever and three like very short like one line reviews and you can make this make this service authentic. I think it's going to work." What I like one mistake that a lot of kind of a people do with reviews, they put as seen on let's say Times or Forbes or they put a lot of like a more formal reviews like people don't trust this. It should be like authentic. If you just put like a screenshot from App Store Connect or whatever, it's going to work way better because people know this is more probably true than like exaggerated or like fake or like like traditional media things, etc., etc. You're probably going to see like higher conversion rate if you just put like a plain oneline reviews. Even if they has the they have like a not much context that just oh I love this app like this is the best app solved all of my issues. you're probably gonna see like a higher conversion rate coming through this reviews than like a well created reviews and for but it's also a bit different for Android versus iOS like for Android usually the feature based pays actually a combination of like a feature plus social proof can work way better. Oh, interesting. >> That I don't know why it is to be honest. Like I tested this like a couple times. Not too many, but like a couple times usually on Android. The clever things, not clever, but like fancy things you do on iOS. When you do on Android, it's not necessarily always works. But like for Android, I think when you do like a bullet point feature list and then couple it with a reviews, it works way better. And then but also if you have a coming back to my point when you have very expensive subscription let's say you're charging like $150 per year I think having the combination of like feature list >> Yeah. or reviews, it's gonna work better because if you're gonna pay $150, I think you are more already like a proumer product, not consumer product and you probably want to know what are going to get in in uh in return to your 100 for $50. >> Even if you're not though, >> uh yeah, >> are you presupposing that the onboarding flow also communicates what some of those features are? Yeah, but then you you forget I think easily if you see like >> Well, but what I mean is in the case where uh you were saying review based payw walls generally are what you'd recommend is that is that also with the expectation that like you still should be communicating what the app does >> in your onboarding and what the pro features do in onboarding. I mean not necessarily but like you should explain I mean on on boarding you don't need to draw like a division between like premium and premium you just need to explain what the kind of a product does and then on your pay wall you can talk about a feature list and more details on the all of the reviews that you have and they're good. I saw I saw many cases when personalizing reviews boost air pew when you for example on on boarding you have questions like what's your gender or what's your age and on a pay wall when you're showing a question you can show sorry you're showing a reviews you can show show reviews from the same gender or from the same age group >> I think that that it's not gonna >> bring like huge wins but like it's gonna improve I see many cases when it improved the RPU. Yeah. Small wins. Yeah. >> And yeah, I would say if you have a expensive subscription on iOS, you probably need to do combination of like all of the features plus reviews. But if but also it's kind of compared to when you're selling like a $4 weekly subscription. Uh when people they just want to get into it, you know, they don't like >> Right. They just want stuff to read. Yeah, that's especially if it's more of a clear single purpose app where they already know why they're there. >> Yeah. One use case app. They just want to get to it to be able to use the app. >> Yeah. I I won't make you do this because I'm already over on your time, but I was going to I was going to have you roast my payw wall. But here you can see already looking at it. I'm like, "Yeah, I'm doing the list of things and I should probably just completely swap that out to be >> uh >> I think I think you one one one thing I would change the title. Don't say dark noise pro you know." >> Oh yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Say like sleep better upgrade. >> Ah. So instead of telling them what the name of it is >> the pro version is explain the value there. >> Yeah. And then and then you're gonna move user to a call to action like upgrade let's say upgrade dark to dark noise pro you know and then I would change I had a I don't remember so there was this app that in like similar category of yours and they would allow users to preview a white noise or something on a table >> and I heard I didn't work with them but I heard it helped them to improve the convers conversion lot conversion rate a lot because like people kind of a glimpse what they're going to get >> what is like behind a pay wall. >> You can you can make this Yeah. Get rid of all of these texts. Put nice visuals probably make it like a multi-step table. >> Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I guess also the this is a question I think I saw it pop up certainly it's come up a lot in when I've talked to people is >> is having a single plan showing that's by default and then having the all plans be smaller and down below is that better or is it better to just show all the plans immediately? So there's there you know like let's say there are like two you have two pay walls one is like a annual first and you also have a weekly plan but a weekly is hidden and you have the same same app they have two products equally shown on a payw wall both weekly and annual on a payw wall where the both products are equally shown I guarantee you will have higher conversion rate but if you look at the ARPU the the payable where like there is single product and then which is annual high price point and the weekly is hidden you will get higher RPO because you're going to leave more users to go to it annual. I think a lot of there's like again this other like a misconception like oh let's put a lot of products in a pay wall. I don't think that's a good idea. It kind of a complicates oh which one should I choose? like it. You just kind of like you gota just I think the best way to do it is just making user to feel that this is a good decision. They want to be sure this is the just go with it, you know? >> Give them a >> Yeah. >> It's like when you go to a restaurant and there's the thing that says popular tagged on the items. It's just like, okay, sweet. I'll do that one. Yeah. Don't make me like sit there and debate. >> Exactly. And there's this thing that says like if you want somebody to take off their coat, the best way to do it is just warm up the room, you know, and not ask them, oh, take off your coat, take off your coat, just warm up the room. It's the same. It's the same thing, you It's just like a if you make user to feel confident about like the everything you're offering and kind of your price and everything else and lead them to one price or like one or two prices, it usually gonna have like a better results compared to having like weekly lifetime. Yeah. Many many many many they're like there's other this thing that some people put like lifetime and they test and they say oh this working the annual monthly lifetimes works better than annual monthly but what happens when you look deep on data just one person purchase like lifetime >> yeah I like mixed up all of the results and no it's not working just somebody like maybe like unintentionally but like lifetime product and like it's like I don't know I usually like just to have like a one, two, and like but like leaving users to one and then having some other options for that. >> Yeah. No, that makes sense. And similar I think you kind of touched on this a minute ago, but uh >> uh Andy has a question about doing feature-based payw walls. So like if somebody, >> you know, if it's a premium app and they click on a specific feature that's gated, >> uh does it make sense to have pay walls that are designed around the feature that they were trying to access? So there's different pay walls for different spots. Well, if if you have a very big app, probably yes, like at a size of flow, but if not, no. Because again, the from my experience, the impact on the RPU from doing this like a context contextual pay walls when you personalize the pay wall based on the feature, the path that users are going through, it have some impact, but it's not as crazy. And as long as you're not making >> like like a lot of revenue per year, like hundreds of millions, that 4% or 2% uplift is not going to be a meaningful impact for you. >> Use isn't worth the squeeze. And probably most of us don't have enough >> traffic going through that specific path to even get >> exactly >> good numbers anyway. >> Yeah. >> So, it's better to focus more on the >> Yeah. There are many more lowhanging like high impact things you can do like it's going to bring you better >> kind of a results compared to doing like contextual pay walls. >> Oh that makes sense. I guess this is also this is a mantis question. Uh and maybe this is kind of a similar answer but is it better to have one single unified paywall design for both light theme and dark theme or to have separate designs for the two themes? No, I think I think you can have the I think you can have the same design as long as the tool you use or if it's native is not breaking the UI. You know what I mean? If if yeah, you just if you just make sure the UI is you are not breaking the UI, I think it's okay to have like a one theme payw wall. >> Have you ever tested uh the difference between those? >> I I didn't never saw like a successful. Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense. >> Um, all right. There was one or more. Oh, uh, this is a good one and kind of one that I had questioned. I think there was a couple that were kind of similar, but >> uh, basically, and this is kind of to both of you, but like >> what's a good example of just a >> hot payw wall to to start with? Like you're just now releasing your app. Obviously, you aren't doing any tests uh, right away. And Jovin, you were even saying like maybe don't focus on AB testing at the initial release. Wait until your top of funnel is getting users in before you really focus on on impact or uh improving that. So like what's just a good thing to start with? >> I think uh I think probably look at what your competitors are doing and mostly they have similar pay walls and just >> what tool would you use to look at? >> You should you should use mo that's thing. Yeah. Yeah. Just go to mo. Let's say you have a dating app. Just search for like a dating app. Look what they are using. Just copy their pay wall to be honest. Like I mean don't do the blink is timeline most probably. Just just look what your competitors are doing and do that I guess. >> Yeah that's that's a good starting point because honestly at mobin we did the same. Um there was this like other product called short shot short deck.com. They do like mobin but for film stills. We just copied the pay wall and then once we had enough traffic and can test like we did >> and you know you're at like a good starting point at least. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah, that makes sense. All right. Well, uh I will go ahead and wrap it up. Thank you both for the extra time. Uh this was incredibly uh valuable at least very selfishly for me and uh it sounds like in the chat also for lots of other people. Um so appreciate your time. Uh, I guess really quickly, where can people find both of you online? I'll start with you, Vah. >> Twitter. I think on LinkedIn, I'm pretty active on Twitter compared to LinkedIn, but like Yeah, if you message me on Twitter or LinkedIn, you should uh get a reply >> and it's just it's just your name uh is your >> Yeah. Yeah. Just just just Yeah. Yeah. Or just Google that or just like search for payrolls. Um it's me or dab dab like payroll.design page. Same thing. Basically, I'm going to reply from that account, too. So, uh, however you prefer. >> Perfect. And then, Jovin, what about you? >> Yeah, I'm I'm kind of a lurker uh on Twitter. Um, but you you can you can follow me and and DM me. Um, I I Yeah, I I I co- DM a lot of people, so I'm quite active on Twitter. Uh, it's uh Jo uh J O V L E W. Um at uh yeah, you can find me on X. Um, that's probably the only social media I use. Other than that, you can follow >> or the contact page on mobin.com. >> Yeah. Follow us on Min. Uh, now it's Min. We've got the the Twitter handle. We paid a lot for that. Nice. >> It's cleaner with just Min. Yeah. So, you can you can put us there as well. >> Yeah. >> Perfect. All right. So, thank you all for joining. Uh, next Tuesday. Today's Thursday, right? Yeah. Next Tuesday is our next one of these. Um, and that's going to be on building reliable, scalable apps uh with AI using tempo. So, that's an interesting topic for me because I've been in the figuring out the uh uh vibe coding game for the last few months and certainly uh the reliable part has been something I've struggled with. So, I'm I'm curious to uh to learn from them about, you know, what the best way to approach that is. So, uh cool. Thank you everybody for listening and uh we will see you next week. Bye. >> Thanks everyone. Byebye. >> Thanks everyone. Have a good day.