Okay, I think we're live. Hello everyone. Welcome to today's Shipyard on live stream. So I was about to say good morning and I always make that mistake because it's probably it's morning where I am, but it might not be morning. So good good morning, good afternoon, good evening to wherever wherever you're listening in from. Yeah, welcome to today's session. If you are listening to this on YouTube, drop a message in the chat. Let us know where where you're listening from. It also helps us to make sure that everything is working as it should be. So say say hi to us to us there. But today's session is a is a is a is a good one. So today we're here to talk all about building cross-platform and building with with Kotlin multi-platform. We've got some folks from the the JetBrains team here who will introduce in in just a moment. But for those of you that might not know this, we've we've had JetBrains on board as a sponsor and a partner of Shipyard on for the last 2 years. And they've been great supporters of what we're doing. And actually they've had their own award category both last year and this year. So if you are building with Kotlin and you're going for that category in particular, then today's session is going to be is going to be great for you. And even if you're not, maybe you're maybe you're tempted tempted to do it, then maybe this will be the session that will that will convince you that that's that's what you want to do. So looking forward to to kind of getting getting into it. And as I teased, we've got a few folks joining me for today's session. So I'm Matt. I look after partnerships at RevenueCat. If you've listened to one of these live streams before, you might have seen me or if you've been in the Discord, you may have seen me there. I'm just playing host today. The real experts are the other three other three faces you see on the screen. So why don't we do some some intros? Let's go round go round the group. We'll start maybe with with Pamela, then we'll do Martin, and then Yope, if you could do an intro as well. Tell everyone a little bit about yourselves, what you do, and then we'll we'll go from there. >> Sure. Hey everyone. I am Pamela from JetBrains. I'm a Kotlin developer advocate. Uh and I'm just really excited to be here. Excited to hear about your questions. And please please make sure to drop them in the YouTube comments or on Discord or wherever. And yeah, I'm just really excited to be here and hear what you are curious about KMP about. So, yeah. Martin. >> Uh hello everyone. Uh good late afternoon on my side, I guess. Uh So, I'm also a developer advocate at JetBrains uh working on Kotlin, Kotlin multiplatform, Compose multiplatform, and uh all of this group of technologies. And similarly, very happy to be here uh for another uh ship-it-on uh again this year. Um we love seeing what people build with KMP. Um so, look forward to all the cool things this year as well. >> All right. Uh my name is Joop. Uh I'm currently engineering manager at RevenueCat. But, I started out building the KMP SDK at RevenueCat actually. So, that's uh that's fitting. I suppose. Um right now, I lead the team the SDK team uh responsible for all of our SDKs. Um yeah, happy to answer your RevenueCat x Kotlin questions, crossover questions, whatever whatever's on your mind. And I'm happy to answer them. >> Awesome. Well, I'm glad you I'm glad the three of you are here because uh yeah, but you know infinitely more on this topic than I do. Um and to Pamela's point, the the the actually the main the main reason for this session is to give everybody a chance to to ask questions. We have some content. Martin's going to going to run through some some content. We're going to talk about the the KMP uh the category uh and the award. But, we're also we also want to use this as a as a chance to to yeah, answer anything that um that people people have. So, um if you're listening on YouTube, use the live chat. We can answer those questions as we're running through. Um and then but for if it's sorry, for any reason you can't use the YouTube chat, um you're listening somewhere else, um then feel free to drop into the Discord. We'll monitor that as we're as we're going through the live stream and we can we can pick up questions there. Um all right. So, uh our usual call out quickly before we get into the the main content on um our building public uh category. So, we're not allowed to have favorite like award categories, um but building public is definitely one of my favorites. Um I've said it now. Um but this is this is the category that celebrates people obviously building in public. Uh it's really cool if you go on to X and other platforms, you search for the Ship it on hashtag and you can see what people are people are building. Um and so what we've done or what we do on every live stream is we we tend to call out a few projects that have caught caught our eye. Let me just mute these in case the sound's coming through. Um so, we've got three projects here we wanted to give a quick shout-out to and and highlight. Um Yo, the first one I think on the left was one that that you spotted. Do you want to um say why it caught your caught your attention? >> Yeah, yeah, totally. Um so, this is this is Sin it's a Mikey's habit tracker app that he's building for uh for Ship it on. Um you might know him from from many advanced compose examples and tutorials which he shares on his on his website. Um that's that's always great great part of the community in my my opinion. Um and this caught my eye because uh this is basically a completion animation for when you complete a task in the habit tracker that he's building. And it looks almost like it's built in a 3D engine, but it's all composed. Um he's sharing some nuggets of how he's done it on on his socials in the in the reactions. But um it's all magic to me, but it's it's great that he's he's sharing how to do it. >> Yeah, that's awesome. I feel I feel I think anytime I pick any any project to highlight on one of these streams, it all feels like magic just because my like my technical ability is so is so low. Um but yeah, the two the two examples I've picked out is is kind of is kind of for the same reason. I just think they look uh they're great examples of of things that just just look great, catch your attention as soon as you're as you're like scrolling through the the feed. So, the one in the middle is an app called Pile App that I've actually if you go to to to that X profile and scroll through you'll see a number of like animations and and screenshots from what's being built for that one and it's a it's an app to help you sort through all the photos on your phone. I just think the UI and the UX is is super clean, super impressive. So, that's a really great example one to to have a look at and then the night lore app is is is very cool. We have a games category this year for the first time ever. I think it's going to be a super popular one. We've got some great examples of games that people are building. This is another one that that looks great and reminds me of some of the stuff I played when I was a I was a kid. It's kind of novelty. I can see Pamela nodding as well like very nostalgic. So, I wanted to give that one a shoutout but yeah, encourage everybody go go search for the Shipyard on hashtag have a look at what people are building. There are some really really awesome projects this year. Um one quick shoutout for me on or reminder on the in-person event. So, we have as you can see there we have a ton of in-person events still to take place between now and the end of the build window at the end of September. So, you can see some of them listed on the screen. If you go to the Shipyard on website you'll have the full list. You can register. So, if you see a city there that either in or you're near you'd like to attend an event connect with builders in person. It's a really great opportunity to do so. If you'd like to host an event you can still apply to do that as well. So, if you don't see your city listed there you'd love to host a Shipyard on meetup we'll send you a little meetup in a box kit. We can support events that the community would like to put on. So, just get in touch through the through the website and we can we can make that happen. All right, that's that's it for the intro. So, I'm going to stop sharing my screen and Martin I'm going to I'm going to kick it over to you. You're on Martin You're on uh you're on mute. >> Yes, but the screen share is working great. >> [laughter] >> Screen share is working. Yeah, we're all good. >> Fantastic. Okay, so I wanted to take this opportunity to talk a bit about what Kotlin Multiplatform and Compose Multiplatform are kind of an introduction and overview of these technologies and how and what you can build with them. So, let's start at the beginning here. Kotlin Multiplatform is a technology where you can write Kotlin code once and then you can compile that and run it across multiple platforms, both server and client side. Now, when it comes to the ship it on you're probably building apps with Kotlin Multiplatform. So, that's probably on the client side where we support iOS, Android, and you can also have a desktop and even a web app if you would like to have one. Now, KMP is fully stable and production ready and it already reaches hundreds of millions of users every single day. You can see some of the companies who adopted it being displayed here. So, if you're using your Sony headphones, if you're skipping your daily language lesson in Duolingo, if you're using Google Docs on your iPhone, you're actually using apps that are powered by Kotlin Multiplatform already. Which is very cool. One of the biggest benefits of KMP is that it's a very flexible technology. So, you can decide which parts of your apps you want to share and which parts you perhaps want to keep native. This means that you can also adopt it in existing apps. Not the ship it on use case, but in general, if you have something existing as well, you can also start adding small bits of KMP, have maybe one function, some kind of utility, maybe one class, maybe one feature or module uh in KMP at first, and then you can expand on that more and more over time. And you can also do the exact same thing on the UI part. So, both for sharing logic and for UI, you get to choose if you want to share that or not, and you can adopt it even incrementally. And you can mix and match the native and the shared parts of the code base. Um looping back to building something new for the Shipathon, you'll probably want the all-in use case uh here. So, you'll probably want to build the entire stack at 100% Kotlin, which is very much supported. Um and of course, uh this is a great solution because it has all the usual benefits of uh having uh shared code uh of a cross-platform solution. You only have to write it once, or if your AI agent is writing it, you only have to pay for generating it once, right? Uh you only have to review the results once. Uh if you are uh making changes or you're bug fixing things, those changes will always stay in sync because you have a single code base, and that exact same code runs on multiple platforms. So, there's no trying to keep iOS and Android apps in sync, for example, uh when something changes. Uh you just have the code once, and that same code runs um everywhere. And it actually runs natively, which I haven't mentioned earlier. Now, uh as you're building your apps, uh you of course want to rely on existing building blocks because you don't want to build too many things from scratch. And the good news is that there is a really cool ecosystem around Kotlin Multiplatform. So, uh we have uh some things like the standard library uh or uh some first-party tools for working with concurrency, dates, serializing things, working with networking, sending data over the network. Uh all of these things uh come first party and support all of the platforms uh that we have in KMP. And we also have uh libraries, for example, from Google, uh who started by building these libraries uh as part of Jetpack, which is a suite of libraries for Android development, but have since extended them so that they also work on other platforms. So, if you want to use something like DataStore or the Room database, uh you can actually use the same libraries now on multiplatform as well. So, if you have existing Android knowledge, perhaps if you're coming from that background, uh you can actually use the same libraries um on other platforms, for example, on iOS. And naturally, this also means that um anything that uh AI agents or LLMs are familiar with, um like APIs, will also transfer very nicely. So, they're also pretty great at writing Kotlin and Kotlin multiplatform code. Um of course, it's not just us and Google building libraries. We have a huge ecosystem uh from the community as well. Uh I have just updated this chart uh because there was such a bump in the last few months that uh I wanted to make sure that we're seeing the latest numbers. So, now we're above like 4,300 libraries um for Kotlin multiplatform. Uh obviously, this includes uh the SDK from RevenueCat as well. Um and essentially, for any task that you're looking to solve, you'll probably find an existing library uh that can help you out uh if you're building with Kotlin multiplatform. Uh one of the cool things is that if you ever need to drop down to access same platform APIs, you can also do that. So, while libraries will cover a lot of the use cases, one of the nice features of KMP again is that uh you have direct access to platform APIs on every platform. Uh one of the mechanisms, for example, is the one that you can see here on the slide, which is the expect actual mechanism, where we can declare something, like some piece of functionality, a function uh signature in common code without having an implementation, and then each platform can have its own version of that functionality. So, here for example, you can see the desktop platform reading properties of the JVM that it's running on, but also on Android and even on iOS, we can reach into system APIs like the built class on Android or the UI device class on iOS, and we can read data out of those. Or on the web, you have access to browser APIs for example. All without having to write any extra communication channels, serialization things, bridges of any sort. Just pure Kotlin code. Then we should get to compose multiplatform because that's our open source declarative UI framework built on top of Kotlin multiplatform. So, this is how you do the UI bits of app development in KMP. This is based on Jetpack Compose, which is the primary UI toolkit for Android at this point, built originally by Google, and then we at JetBrains expand this into Compose multiplatform adding support for iOS, web, and desktop. This of course happens in close collaboration with Google. We have engineers talking every day. A lot of back and forth working in the same repositories, upstream changes, things like that. And once again, because we are based on Jetpack Compose, essentially all the APIs that you use are going to be the same on multiplatform as they are on Android, which gives you a lot of existing learning materials from the Android side because you can just use anything that talks about Jetpack Compose on Android. And once again, any AI tools that you work with are going to be pretty great at writing Compose multiplatform because they already know Jetpack Compose and it's just the same code, but now it works on other platforms as well. In general, Compose multiplatform or CMP for short includes everything that you need to build modern apps. So, as I said, all the APIs come from Jetpack Compose, but it includes things like working with themes, navigation. You can build beautiful animations like the one we've seen highlighted here a bit earlier. It covers accessibility across platforms. You can have access to resources. You can work with previews and tooling like that. So, it's really a full package for building modern apps. Something that's worth highlighting on the UI side recently is that you can also interrupt with native components. So, if you need to embed something like a native map component on iOS into your Compose app, you can absolutely do that. If you need to work with something like a camera view or a media player, you can also bring in those as native views and have them work together with otherwise Compose Multiplatform UI. And because in the last year and a half there was so much buzz around liquid glass, you can of course also add liquid glass components to your applications. So, if you want to have something like a bottom navigation bar which has all the whimsy and glassy behavior that iOS users expect, you can also add that without having to re-implement it. So, it's the actual original native glass native liquid glass component. We also have some other iOS goodies that we shipped recently which I'll only mention very briefly here. We have Swift export which makes it quite nice to call from Swift code into shared Kotlin code providing idiomatic API layer for doing that. We have SPM import which means that as you're building your iOS apps, if you need to reach out to the Swift package manager ecosystem, you can pull in libraries from there and you can call those libraries from Kotlin code as well. Which is quite useful. We have constant improvements to performance like parallel rendering which we shipped this year making sure that you always run your apps even on modern iOS devices at maximum frame rates. And we have improvements like native text field behaviors so that things like auto fill all the tap gestures and patterns like that feel the same as they do when you use native UI. Compose multiplatform is also used in production by a bunch of companies already. Once again, some of these apps have huge user bases and they have actually adopted it for primary features that users hit every single day like profile screens, main screens, registration flows and things like that. If you want to get started with KMP, you can go to in/kmp which gives you the landing page and all the getting started resources. But to give you a very brief preview of what you want to set up, you'll want to grab an IDE to work with it. You can use either IntelliJ IDEA or if you already have Android Studio, that also is fully supported. And either way, you just want to make sure that you grab the Kotlin multiplatform plugin for these IDEs which gives you a bunch of nice functionality like run configurations and working with previews and things like that. You can create new projects in the IDE then using the project wizard where you get to pick which platforms you want to work with. And you can also do the same thing on the web. If you prefer, you can just go to kmp.new which is the web version of our wizard. One of the cool things I would highlight in the tooling is compose hot reload which works specifically on the desktop platform. So to make use of this, you'll want to add a desktop target to your apps. And what this allows you to do is as you make changes, for example, adding this nice background to our app, you can actually see those changes take place in in in a already running application in real time. So, you can make code changes, it will get recompiled, and then those changes are injected into the already running application. So, you can keep things like your session, your navigation state, and stuff like that, and you can really get a feel for those changes and quickly iterate on UI components, which makes desktop a really nice development target for Kotlin Multiplatform. And that's basically what I wanted to cover here. Once again, if you want to get started, you can go to jb.gg/kmp or /compose for the landing pages and the getting started. And yeah, I hope that you all build wonderful apps with KMP and CMP. I don't know if we had any questions in the meantime. >> We do. We do have some questions. I'm going to I'm going to throw them at you now. I'm going to try and just see if I can display them on screen as well. Let me see. So, this I think this might be a question you get fairly often. Let me just see if I can get it to appear. So, I mean in short, it's basically if you were trying to explain somebody the benefit of using KMP over React Native, like what would you Is that Is that a question you get a lot, Martin and and Pamela, and and what would you What would you say to that? >> I I guess we get comparison questions a bunch. Um So, for React, the usual like benefit is like reusing skills again. So, like if someone happens to have a background already in React, obviously we're not going to force KMP on to anyone. But otherwise, I think that we have a really nice stack. Obviously, like I didn't mention, but like we're doing all of this in Kotlin including the UI and all of the rest of the app. It's a wonderful modern language. It comes with a lot of type safety. Um wonderful language features that we're shipping recently. So, one of the big components is as just the language itself. There is the fact that it runs natively on each platform. There is the X direct access to platform APIs which is really valuable and what cross-platform frameworks tend to make more tedious in general. Um and the incremental adoption story which I mentioned somewhere in the beginning of the slides. So, the fact that you can interop so nicely with the native environment and that you don't need to go all in or do like a full rewrite of your app um is usually really valuable. And that actually works both ways. So, if you're doing it in an existing app, it's lower risk to adopt. Um but if you're writing a new app and at some point you want to go maybe native UI on iOS like swap out the shared UI to Swift UI at some point, you can absolutely do that as well and you can move to that incrementally. So, it gives you a lot of options. It leaves like everything still open. >> Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Uh and then you you touched on this I think at the start but a question here just about like how many how many well-known apps are shipped with KMP. I mean you showed a few on the screen that that I recognized but it sounds like there are there are a lot already built with with with KMP. >> Yeah. I don't have like a count for them but if you go to the link on the screen here, you can find all of these apps. Some of them have published their own case studies as blog posts or videos or in various formats. Uh we do try to list as many of the KMP apps as possible on this page. It does take time with approvals. Um so again, you can already see a lot of large apps there and I promise we have a lot more in the queue that we haven't processed yet. >> [laughter] >> Okay, awesome. Um Yeah, it's I see Race you're asking about the the Shipyard on perk. That's worth maybe quickly covering here as well. So as most most people listening will know when you register for Shipyard on you get access to our ship kit which is the bundle of kind of offers and and discounts and things that our sponsors are providing. And JetBrains provided two two separate offers for this. So one was access to Juni which I think is limited to a certain number of redemptions. And so that one is that one is available. And then if we detect as you're building that you're using the the KMP SDK then you'll also get invited to um to to access IntelliJ ideas. Is that right? I'm I'm pronouncing that correctly, right? Martin, yeah. Okay, cool. So there are the two perks that JetBrains have offered. More info on our website. And if you're building with KMP you'll get you'll get that information will be sent to you kind of automatically and you'll have instructions on how to redeem those perks. So if that's something you're interested in then you should get all of the information as you're as you're building. If you have any issues with that you can you can just head to the head to the Discord and we can we can help there. Um all right, we've got another question here. So where does Compose Multiplatform still require platform specific architecture not just platform specific APIs and how do you prevent those exceptions from gradually fragmenting a shared code base? It's a pretty broad question but I would say that for a lot of apps that you're building, you'll be able to get away with very little platform-specific code. Um, so there are because there are so many multi-platform libraries, uh, a lot of the time, uh, those will just work in shared code and you don't need to touch platform specifics. Um, some of them require some like initialization logic for each platform. Like maybe each platform specifies, uh, like a file location differently. Um, and you need to make sure that you do that like once on app startup. Um, but for the most part, you should be able to write everything, again, like just once without having to worry about the the platform details. Of course, you can always polish it later and if you're building a large serious app, you can do really nice, like tiny improvements for iOS users specifically. Um, there are also libraries that behave differently on different platforms by default to provide appropriate experiences. Um, yeah. And we have a lot of docs about how you can integrate platform-specific APIs. Uh, if you just search for, I think just platform-specific, um, Kotlin multi-platform, uh, you'll definitely find that. Okay. Okay. Awesome. Also, Pamela did a wonderful video on this. >> Is there any where where would we find the video? Is there somewhere we can we can link to? Maybe we can drop it into the chat before the end of the >> Sure. >> end of the stream. >> I'll I'll link you up. >> Okay, perfect. Um, all right, I'm just going to I'm just going to keep firing questions as they're coming. Um, if that's if that's okay. So we've got one from Andy and Andy, I think Andy's in Perth, which is I don't know what time it is in Perth. That is literally the other side of the world to where I am. Um, but that is uh, that's that's cool that you're still awake and listening to this, Andy. Um, but he's asking what is the minimum iOS version on which you can ship a good CMP experience. Um, yeah, what do you what uh, what do you guys think about that? >> Uh, we apparently support iOS 14 and up and up. Um, hopefully you don't have to deal with iOS 14 at this point. >> [laughter] >> Um, but yeah, we I don't think we have any limitations on uh, Apple versions other than what like Xcode supports. So, like whatever the latest version of Xcode supports is usually the same minimum that we have. >> Okay, great. Thank you. Um, here's an interesting question. So, I I don't think I've ever heard this before, the first part of this, on whether native iOS apps get App Store preference or whether that's like an urban myth. I'm pretty sure that's probably an urban myth. Um, and then a second part on um, any kind of lag on new native UI updates. Um, yeah, any thoughts on on that one? >> Um, on the App Store bit, I'm not sure. Uh, I I can't comment on that. Uh, as for UI updates, um, so generally when you build with Compose Multiplatform, uh, what you get is uh, UI that's rendered by Skia and by Compose Multiplatform, so we have our own rendering pipeline. Essentially drawing on a canvas, so we're not using the native components um, of iOS for that. But, uh, if you do something like, um, you add liquid glass components, which was here in our slides, um, then those components are actually the real native components pulled into your app, uh, like that bottom navigation there. So, if OS updates happen and maybe liquid glass is tuned, as we've seen with like betas and I think like even this year's iOS version, uh, made it look slightly different, um, you will just get that automatically here, um, if you have embedded a native component, um, because it uses the the real version and not like a rewrite or something. >> Okay, great. Um, question here. Yo, this might be one for you actually. So, are there any any limitations on the KMP Revenue Cat integration compared to the native libraries? >> None come to mind. Uh, they they they support all of our features from the core library to paywalls to multi-page paywalls that we recently released. They track the native libraries underneath. So, there's there's no re-implementing anything. It's just it's it's built on top of the native library. So, basically everything every bug fix that we do on the native side gets gets pushed into the KMP SDK as well. Um, so yeah, there should be fully full parity. >> Okay. Okay, awesome. Um, yeah, that this we've had a question in Discord as well on just like using the Revenue Cat SDK and whether that's like this comes up quite a bit actually, whether that's required for the Well, one for for Ship a Ton, which the answer is yes and for any category for Ship a Ton, you have to use the Revenue Cat SDK and then that is the same for the the KMP specific category. So, actually Pamela, may maybe that's like a perfect segue actually to to go into um, talking a bit about um, the the award category that that that you guys have and then what you'll be what you'll be looking for. >> Sure. Okay, I'm just going to share my screen. Um, great. So, yeah, I just thought I would share some tips about um, suc- succeeding in the Ship Kotlin Everywhere category. Um, and I think the number one tip is really just to understand what you need to do. Um, so the important thing is to use to make sure that you know that you're supposed to use KMP to share business logic and you can optionally use um, Compose Multiplatform to share UI. You don't have to. You can have native UIs if you want to do. You also need to support um, multiple platforms. So, uh, we really do recommend that you use that you support Android and iOS, but desktop and web are also possibilities. So, for compose compose multiplatform, you have compose for web, which is with a Wasm target, but we also have Kotlin JS available for you. So, there's there's lots of different options for you to try in terms of platforms. Um I also helped judge the the the same sort of category last year, and I think what's really important in terms of not just making it into the top five, but in the top 100 is to delight us with your creativity. I think a really good idea and knowing that there is a potential market for your app is really important. Um and I I also want to stress that, you know, having something that really looks and feels great, the UI and the UX is like really like fantastic, is really important. And then nice seeming visuals, animations, and so on. That's that's also going to be like a delightful experience. You want to delight our users, and we want to delight our judges. Um something that um is a little bit sad sometimes when people, you know, they spend all the time developing the app, and then they have like 5 minutes left, and then they do the video. Make sure you have enough time to spend on the video, because it's one of the most important parts of your submission. Um it's really important for you to sort of show why should somebody download your app? Why should they pay for a subscription? Why should they pay to get past your paywall? Um what makes your app really special? Um, and in that video you can address all that. You can um, it's basically a time for you to really show off your app and show off all the nice parts of the app where like you built this animation that really looks smooth and really like is it's like really like a delightful moment in your app. So, make sure that, you know, the moments that give you delight, you also add into your video. You know, obviously you have to keep on this the the whole story but you you definitely do want to add the moments of delight into your video. So, please spend some time uh, on your video um, when you are finished with your application. Um, I wanted to also mention that um, we actually do prefer the how to the what for community contributions. So, um, you are it is optional to um, to do like a article or a tweet or a whatever. Um, and we actually do prefer technical how-tos to something that is like just this is what I built. Um, so if you could I saw something very cool today where somebody was talking about um, how they supported a particular platform. Um, it was in the Discord channel for KMP. And um, it was a really extensive article on how they actually um, got to support another platform. Um, and it wasn't a like a common platform that we often engage. I think it was like a widget. So, um, that would that is actually like preferable to something like uh, a like a a video that just shows you what they built. Um, so I would actually kind of prefer seeing the how-to content cuz it's going to help it's going to pay it forward. It's going to show like uh, the rest of the community how you did something awesome and help them do some awesome stuff as well. Um, you don't have to have a massive social media presence. You don't have to have 10,000 followers uh on on whatever network you like. And your post doesn't have to go viral for it to be a valuable contribution. I do want to mention though that there are ways to actually up your views um and that is to submit your how-to kind of content to newsletters like Android Weekly, Kotlin Weekly, and so on. Um, those are they they are curated so um just make sure that what you send them is not is not a a you know, a very tiny tiny piece of content. Um, this is more for your articles on like how to how how to build something or how I did this rather than this is what I built kind of content. So that is um what kind of community contributions we'd like you to do. Um, and then another optional uh extra that you can add to your submission is giving back to the Kotlin community. Uh, and that is basically just adding to you know, either creating a open source library uh from something that you wrote for your application or you could make a very small contribution to a library that you uh used within your project. Maybe uh the only example I can think of right now is Ktor. So maybe you use Ktor for your network your networking and maybe you can you know that there's a bug that needs to be fixed in that library. Um, you then you can maybe have a look and maybe you know how to fix it and you can create a PR. It doesn't have to be a merged PR. It we just want to see that you uh you tried your best to con- contribute to um the community. You can also do like a little bit of documentation. Some libraries um are great, but they don't have a a of documentation showing you how what what it does or what it even like how to actually use it. So, if you if you use a library and you figure it out, then you could maybe contribute some documentation in on their GitHub page. Uh to just you know, show people how to use it and maybe it could be something like what you uh what you wish you knew up front about a particular library and you could, you know, add that to the documentation as well. Or just bug fixes, small contributions, that kind of thing. I just want to reiterate. So, the uh the three elements that you're going to submit and in addition to your um your App Store links is the video and then additionally um you can do the community contributions and the ecosystem stuff. But last year we saw that um because the comp- competition is so fierce uh for for this category you kind of want to do the optional extras as well um because they uh they sort of just give you that extra edge to kind of win the category. But it's up to you whether you want to do that or not. And yeah, that's it. >> It's highly highly encouraged, I think, is what you're saying. >> Highly encouraged. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yes. So, so just yeah, just to recap to me cuz I've I've there's a couple of I've just gone back through the Discord uh channel as well and there's a few questions on this. So, the actual the actual minimum requirement here is to is to build the app using using um using KMP and and uh or compose on iOS and Android. It has to have the RevenueCat SDK um as as part of it. That's kind of the minimum requirement. Um when you then make your submission, you you say that you want to go for the the KMP category and you'll be prompted to do a video submission and that's what Pamela's talking about. Um so, that's kind of way you can you can leave it there, but what we're also saying is that um doing the community stuff and the ecosystem stuff, that's going to really help your chances of winning the award, right? That's going to help you stand out, that's going to help you give give you a much better chance of taking home one of the prizes. >> Indeed. >> Okay, perfect. And just so everyone's aware as well, so that the prize for this one is $15,000 for the for the first prize, 10,000 for second place, and then 5,000 for third place. And if you win, you also get your app on the the Times Square billboard in October. You get an invitation to come to RevenueCat's App Growth Annual Conference in New York. So you get to come and see the billboard live. So it's it's a very cool prize, very worth worthwhile doing. So all of that information is is on the on the ShipIt Ton website if you need to go and check that out in in any more detail. Um All right. We had another question just on on the while we're while we're on the prizes and the categories. Going for this category doesn't exclude you from others either. That's that's a point worth making. So if you make your submission and you want to you build with KMP, you want to apply for this award, that doesn't stop you from being eligible for any of the other the other 20 plus whatever categories we have. You can you can kind of apply and go for as as many as you wish. So don't don't feel like this stops you from from doing that just in case that's not clear. Um all right, I'm going to just pick up a couple of other questions that I think we missed earlier and see see if we can get those answered. Now all right, before I do that actually Martin, Yop, anything on the Now we've talked a little bit about the award category and and what folks need to do for that. Any any like other top tips you'd share or anything that you want to add to what Pamela covered? I'm put I'm putting you on the spot. >> Yeah, I would say what what really spoke to me with Pamela covered that already. I think is the delight. Um I think KMP really allows you to make it I don't know, invisible to the user like not noticeable to the user that you are using a cross-platform framework just because uh from from a technical standpoint everything is native but even like up to the UI you can you can do native things and I think a well-crafted KMP app is indistinguishable from a well-crafted native app and um sometimes cross-platform frameworks have a bit of a reputation that you can feel it I don't know in whatever scrolling um fluency or stuff but I think KMP is best positioned to um avoid that completely. Um So yeah, I think m- make make the technology shine I think would be my my tip. >> I'll probably just repeat myself here but like look for libraries first uh when you're like trying to solve a feature. Uh you can absolutely write your own integrations for I don't know notifications or for Bluetooth um like per platform accessing the APIs which is very cool but you might not need that uh for a lot of uh common apps and use cases. Um so make sure that you go to like Klibs.io and see if you can find existing libraries for for the features you want to pick up. >> Yeah, and on that point actually one I also highlighted if there's no Kotlin multiplatform library if it's not on Klibs, it's very easy to just use platform libraries. You can so you can still use an Android library and an iOS library and connect those up yourself. Like that's also the the flexibility that that was already discussed but yeah, that's also very easy. >> Okay, awesome. I mean the only other tip I would add is if you're not we keep talking about the Discord, but if you're not in there and you're building for this category, make sure you are because the JetBrains team are very Pamela in particular is very responsive. So, if you have questions after this that we haven't touched on, or you just want to share your progress, whatever else, that's the best place to to do it. So, we encourage everybody to I've shared the link in the chat. Encourage you to go and join that and and make use of that as you are as you as you're building. All right. Let's tackle some more of the questions that have have come in. Just going to recap this one quickly. We just mentioned it, but the answer here is is no. So, if you're building for the the KMP just to just to recap make sure it's super clear. If you're building for this category or you want to submit for this category, it doesn't prevent you for from submitting for other categories, other prize categories that we have. You can only win one though. So, you can't take home the prize for multiple categories, but you can submit for as many as many as you want just so that's that's super clear. We have a question on in-person events that I'll just tackle very quickly as well. The short answer to this is yes, we would love people to partner with other communities that are active across the globe in different cities to run in-person events. You can apply to host an event on the Shipathon website. Just head there, go to the IRL section. All the instructions on applying to host an event and all the information is available there. So, head over there for for more info. We don't have any prize for in-person events, but we do send out swag and a bunch of stuff to to hosts to help them run them. And we that includes I think I think I'm right in saying this. It does include like a mini I can't remember what the name of it is now, but it's like a mini version of the actual main trophies we give out to the actual like Shipathon winners. It's like a a scale-down 3D printed version. So, if you wanted to host an event where you run like a mini hackathon, then you I guess you have like a prize of sorts there that you can use, but uh yeah, to the head to the website for for more info on that. Uh okay, let's tackle some of the the the more technical uh questions uh that we have here. Um all right. I'm not going to pretend I understand this one. I'm hoping um that you guys do, but I'm using Rust as a shared core for performance heavy logic in my React Native app exposed through native bindings. If I move to KMP, how would that Rust layer typically integrate? >> I can I can try. So, um usually firstly, I don't think there's a interop layer between um Rust and uh KMP. Uh Martin, can can you confirm that or deny that or >> Yeah, it's it's not our like usual use case for for native, right? Um so, that would be more like the Swift and Objective-C interop, but you can pull in anything native using C interop. >> Yeah. So, usually what we see happen is that for um the performance heavy logic, uh we have uh we use something like KMP for that because it's um compiled down into native binaries. So, it will run like on iOS, it will run the same as as you would have uh like a Swift piece of business logic or whatever. Um but uh so so, instead of instead of React we have seen that some people use and this is a complete Frankenstein, but we have seen that some people use for the UI React Native and for the business logic uh KMP that is uh a Shopify Frankenstein um but I would definitely not recommend that. Um just give KMP a go. Come on. >> [laughter] >> So, I I looked into this. I never actually built anything serious with with Rust, but I looked into uh hooking up Rust code into a Kotlin project. Um this person said they were already using uh a native bindings. That is still I think an angle you could use. You could You could But you would have two two steps of bindings. You would have your Rust generating Android and iOS bindings, and then you could write You could get Kotlin bindings for your iOS bindings, and then you could wire those up. Um but that's So that's probably the You're already probably using the Unify from Mozilla that can do that. For the That's foreign function interface bindings. Um there's also a project called Gobly that I just put in the chat, which creates KMP bindings directly for a Rust uh for Rust code. Also never used it, but it's out there. Maybe it's uh maybe it works for your use case. >> Yeah, we we definitely like have heard of people who are wrapping Rust with KMP in one way or another. Um if you have existing Rust code, then you can absolutely go down that road. But once again, like in general, I would also question whether you need to have something in Rust for performance reasons. Like you should definitely like if you're writing new things, you should try writing them in Kotlin first and see how it runs through KMP cuz it should work very well and like have really good performance across the board. >> Yeah, there's no um it like Yeah, as you said, it's actually native. So there's no there's no separate memory space. It runs in the same memory as as the platform native code. So indeed, there should be no performance penalty to using KMP. >> All right, excellent. Um All right. Pamela, I know we just covered this, but let's just let's just make sure it's it's super clear. So, are there any additional scoring or bonus for projects in the KMP category based on their technical implementation? So, we talked about like, you know, delighting users and we've talked about the requirements here, but maybe you could just maybe just just just recap that one more time so it's super clear. >> Sure. So, based on the technical implementation, of course, technical implementation could mean you won't have a laggy app, but we can't see you know, if you have I don't I don't think that the judges are going to go into your code base and you know, investigate your your variable names too deeply. So, I mean, the the code base is your is your story and is your point of pride, but it is it's not something that we're going to judge. Usually, we have a pre-selection round where the revenue catch people look at the apps and so on, but even then we don't look at your source code. We just it's it's basically just based on um your videos and downloading your app and having a look at the app and so on, but definitely not source code. So, you can you can use snake case variables if you really wanted to. But, maybe for your sanity's sake, don't. But, yeah. If you wanted to, you can. Okay, perfect. Um All right, I don't see anything else. If I mean, there's plenty there's plenty of chatter happening in the chat. If you have any more questions, now now is the time to ask them. If you have anything you want to put to to Pamela or Martin or Yope, please please share it now while we've got we've got 10 minutes left. So, if you have anything, now's the time to to share it with the team. Whilst we yeah, whilst we wait on that, and again I'm putting I'm putting all three of you on the spot again, but anything I don't know anything anything either you've seen so far like Pamela I know you you've already touched on people like sharing some of the blog posts that they've already written and published and we you can see some of the projects people are building, but anything that's like caught your eye so far. It feels like it feels like this year compared to last year we've had a lot more engagement in this category. It feels like there are more builders maybe building for this one in particular. So, the competition might be a little bit more fierce, which is another reason why you want to do the community stuff and the ecosystem stuff, but yeah, anything anything else that's caught your eye so far that you'd call out? >> So, I've been snooping around on the KMP channel on Discord and there was a very interesting idea. The it's like a relationship management app for managing your relationships in say say at work or your gym buddies or you know, friends and and different kinds of social groups and sort of making sure that you track you know, keep in touch with a lot of people. And I thought that was a very interesting you know, I think a lot of us struggle with like relationship management making sure that we ping our friends often enough. Sometimes we forget to WhatsApp them back or something. But we definitely I thought that that was that was a very interesting like idea and I think it has a good market fit and I was impressed by like it's a it's a very creative idea. So, I I quite like that one. I don't remember the app name, sorry, but it was definitely very interesting. >> Awesome. Martin, anything that you've you've spotted so far? Feel free just to say no and stop and you can tell me to stop putting you on the spot. >> [laughter] >> I got to be honest, I'm back from vacation, so I didn't have it like a chance to to to look at that much, but I'm very interested in the habit tracker that we've seen in the intro now. Because I've I've seen a bunch of habit tracker apps in the past and like it being sufficiently whimsical might just be what I need to actually use one. Cuz I definitely don't have one now. >> [laughter] >> And what about what about entering yourself? Cuz we do have a we have a conflict of interest award this year, which is specifically designed for RevenueCat employees and for sponsor employees, and you don't get any cash, but you do get the Time Square billboard. So we could, you know, you could you could you could enter that category. >> [laughter] >> I did not realize this. I know what I'm doing next month. >> [laughter] >> Finally, my golf app has a has a market. >> Yeah. >> It's been up a few ages. >> Exactly. All right, we've got one question here from Andy, who's still with us in Perth. Are there any particular server backends you recommend if there's a need to have some account management or use RevenueCat to virtual currency? Does that fit well with KMP? >> Um uh you I mean I I would always recommend trying to build your server in Kotlin. There's a lot of There's Spring Boot and kind of technologies and Spring technologies. There's Ktor for also um building your server backends out in Kotlin. Um I'm not sure about Revenue RevenueCat virtual currency, but account management I I suppose they're meaning like can you use something like Firebase? Of course you can use Firebase. There's a um there's a big uh KMP library for that supports um you using Firebase on your app. So, you could go ahead and use Firebase uh authentication or something like that for it. Um and the it actually uh that uh library actually has more than just the authentication. It has the analytics and uh you know, quite a big subsection of the Firebase um product offering in there. >> Yeah, to give the RevenueCat specific answer, um we currently do not have a server SDK or anything. Um so, it's just HTTP API. Um there's an open API spec. There are various uh generators that you could use if you if you want to. Um on top of account management, it's a good idea indeed to to use something like Firebase. Um and then RevenueCat supports passing on the user ID. And so, then the user is is known in in RevenueCat as well. That is useful because then if the user logs in on a different device, they get their entitlements. They get the benefits of their subscription. So, if that that that um that enables also cross-platform uh subscription unlocking. Uh for that, you need an account management system. So, if someone has an Android device, they buy a subscription on the Play Store, they get the pro version of your app. And then they have an iPad maybe, and they log in with their same account. Um so, the account that they made in your app. Then, as long as you make sure that the Firebase user ID is passed through to RevenueCat, they will get the pro version in their Um, on the iPad as well. So, that's a cool thing that we've got on watch if you have a comment mentioned. Yeah. You're muted, Matt. I knew I'd do it. I knew I'd do it at some point. I made it 57 minutes through the stream without doing it and then I did it. Um Okay, well, I think I think that's everything. I just scrolled back through the the chat. I think we have answered most if not all questions. Um so, I just again, another call out. If you have anything uh that you any questions or anything you you haven't asked or or anything you come across over the next few weeks as you're building towards the the deadline. Um use the Discord. Pamela is there. I think Martin might be in there. Um and it's just a it's just a great place, great resource. So, go go there for any any support or help that you need. Questions um or um kind of more info on the category and what you need to do there. That's all available on the website and then when you make your submission on Discord, the instructions are are pretty clear on on what to include. So, hopefully once you get to that stage, um that that's all that's all clear. Um but yeah, use the use the Discord if not. Um so, yeah, I think we can we can probably wrap it up there. So, yeah, Pamela, Martin, Yoav, I just want to say thank you thank you very much for for joining. It's been a great session. Lots of questions answered um and yeah, really appreciate you you jumping on and and JetBrains for supporting have you as as as sponsors and and partners for for this year's event. >> Thank you. Likewise. >> Been a pleasure. Great. Awesome. All right, we'll leave it there. So, yeah. Thanks, Martin. Thanks, Pamela. Thanks, Yoav. Thank you everyone for tuning in. Um the next live stream, I believe is on Thursday. Uh exciting session. I think that one is actually coming live from somewhere in St. Louis where where Charlie is based. Um so, tune in on on Thursday for the for the next session. Um but uh we'll leave it there. Thanks, everyone.