Maybe you can expand on that and tell everyone what you do uh what you do at revenue cap. >> No. Um no, but I will tell you that it's very very funny when uh BDRs or salespeople obviously have these automated outreach things and then they say, "Oh, Rick, I see you are VP of an assortment of stuff." Right. The automation just blindly takes it over. Uh yeah. No, it's uh marketing, sales, and success. So, everything but the code. Really? Super. All right. So, um before we Yeah, before we jump into the main topic, quick reminder on questions. As always, uh these sessions are for all of you. Uh we want them to be interactive. We want to make sure you get the most out of them. So, if you have questions, please fire away. If you're listening on Livestorm, you can use the the questions feature or the chat. Um, if you're listening on X or LinkedIn or YouTube or anywhere else we're streaming this, then jump into the Discord and uh you can you can share your questions there as well and we'll make sure that make sure we answer as many of them as possible. If you have um just any general questions on Shipeton, don't like put those in as well and if we have if we have time at the end, we can we can try and try and cover those too. Uh quick update um as we usually do on uh building public. So uh one of our categories uh this year is the build-in public category. This is all around sharing uh your progress uh as you're building um iterating and sharing learnings and and uh the things you're doing. Uh so what we thought would be neat this week is each of us have picked out um a highlight that we've seen from uh people building in public and just to share a little bit about why why we like it shine a bit of a spotlight uh on the on the developers behind uh behind the ones we like. So um I'll go first. My my example, you can't really see it. The animation is is pretty small on the slide, but this is from someone called uh Luca, and he is building I guess it's like a like a voice-based reminder app. And um I started following this when he posted his first video because he was showing how uh ineffective using Siri for this kind of stuff is, saying, "Oh, hey, remind me on Tuesday that I have a workout class and that I need to buy ingredients for a meal I'm hosting on Thursday." And so he that's how that's that's the kind of problem he's trying to solve with his version. And he started with chat GBT then moved to cursor and he's been sharing the progress like day by day. And day eight which was today or yeah today um uh it was this was posted he uh took the took his latest version round shared it with a friend and got the friend to test it live and um the the friend threw a ton of tasks at the app. You know I need to remind me to buy toilet paper, remind me to buy ingredients. Um, and this this version of the app struggled. It remembered to remind him to buy the toilet paper, which may be the most important task based on how you see it, but couldn't handle the rest of it. And just very cool to see the testing kind of happening live and then Luca sharing what he's planning on doing to uh to fix it. So, really enjoying following the progress and seeing actually how quickly his his app is is developing and moving. So, I would recommend going and checking out Lucas feed and and seeing what he's up to. It's a It's a Yeah, it's a good one. Pu, is the other one on this screen your pick or is it Rick's? >> Yes, that's my pick. Uh, so an app called Formbbody by Jose Marino. I'm probably slaughtering that name so please excuse me. Uh, but he's building an app that is like basically an AI form exercise form coach. Uh, and the the reason why I picked it is is the user interaction. So, so this actually it's a tweet. I didn't get the animation here, but the the user interactions and the uh animations are just like very very nice looking. So, definitely worth going to check check his Twitter. Uh actually, the app already has a Twitter account as well. So, I guess there's going to start start to become stuff there as well. But the interactions are definitely something worth like buying on, even stealing on. They're so good. So, That's what I would do. >> Full plagiarism here. >> No, I'm I'm I'm following the words of of Steve Jobs that like uh good artist copy and great artist steal. So, go with that. >> Good. Good recovery. Okay. Nice. And then Rick, this one's you, I think. >> Yeah, this is me. It's uh it's Nikolai on on YouTube. And I actually I spotted Nikolai because he turned up in my shorts. Um he's building Avalingo. It's a it's a language learning app. Um that wasn't so much what caught my eye. My what caught my eye is that you can very clearly see his consistency starting to pay off, right? You can because especially if you see the first couple ones, he's getting like 10 20 views or whatever and it's getting very close to the thousand views mark on these shorts and it's literally just consistency. And they are short, right? Like it's a short video. Usually he's walking in a forest somewhere. Um, which I kind of like, right? Uh, it's a little it's a little different. Um, yeah, I would just I I' I'd follow it. Uh, or I follow him. I'd experiment with formats, right? Shorts actually on Tik Tok. Next time we should pull up somebody that's doing a thing on Tik Tok. There's a bunch of interesting shipon stuff happening on Tik Tok. Um, experiment with formats and join the post engagement boost channel in Discord. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Because there is a channel in Discord where a lot of these build public folks post whatever they posted in public, other people respond to it on whatever channel they're on. And as long as you uh return the favor, what happens is that everybody's reach increases by a ton. Super fun to see. For me, it makes it really, really easy to get like a quick overview of what's happening. I know it's just a snapshot. Not everybody's in the Discord channel, but everybody should be in the Discord channel. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's a very good plug for the Discord. I think that's um Yeah. Beyond that, just being able to connect with other other folks taking part. And then we have a good number of the Revenue Cat team in there as well. So, even if it's just troubleshooting or or asking for help with any aspect of of of what you're building, um yeah, it's a great place to to do it. So, yeah, definitely jump in jump in there. Okie dokie. Um all right, final thing before we dive into the main topic. So, just a plug. Uh we talked about this on Tuesday. We have um so many upcoming events, shippeton events, mixture of inperson and virtual events. Um you can see we've kind of gone global with this. We've got event this is just the next seven days worth of stuff um happening across like North America, South America, um Asia, lots of things going on and we have a dedicated events page uh hosted on River. Um so you can access that from the the Shippeton website. You can sign up uh search and filter based on location and date. So go check it out. Um there are more being added all the time. So yeah, you can find a find an event if you're interested in um yeah, hanging out with some other participants um in person. And then a special plug, I did this on Tuesday and this is just an excuse to show this picture of Charlie uh more times because it never will never get old. Uh he is currently in Taiwan at the I playground or about to be at I playground and then an event in Seoul on Monday. Uh so if you are at either of those events or in those areas and you'd like to meet with Charlie in person um then reach out directly to him. I know he's keen to connect with people um in person and and he's got a ton of revenue cap swag. I don't think he's got the boat with him. I don't know if the boat made it back from um this boat is from actually Rick, do you want to do you want to just very quickly without going down too much of a rabbit hole explain the backstory to the boat that Charlie is wearing in the picture? I don't I don't even remember how that started. Uh I do remember that we thought it'd be funny. And then because this was at the the uh vibe coding cafe we were were doing in Tokyo, I actually brought my family to Tokyo because it was doing like an Asian trip. Um and they were hanging out in the Airbnb and I asked like, "Can you make Charlie a giant cardboard boat?" And then actually my wife and kids made this. >> Yeah, it was very it was it was impressive like turnaround time as well. I think it was like it was a few hours and uh and then yeah anyway uh yeah, you can see that you can the live stream is on YouTube somewhere. Um you can see see more of Charlie in the boat. But um anyway, if you're in in uh in Seoul or in Taipei, reach out and uh connect with him in person. Okay. Uh that's everything uh for kind of intros. Um, this is the topic we're going to dive in today into today. Sorry. This is all about um what you should know for publishing on the Google Play Store and the App Store. Um, P two is going to run through some some stuff to begin with. Uh, but as we said at the top, we want to make this interactive. So, please ask questions as we're going through. We can interrupt um at any point. And uh yeah, P two, I'll I'll hand over hand over to you. >> All right, I'll share my screen just in a minute. I'll just find one one article that I wanted to also show that I just remembered that I didn't include in any of the slides or not whatnot. But that's not a big thing. We're going to talk about it. All right. You should start seeing something, I guess. A slideshow. >> Yeah. What you need to know about app stores. I feel like we're on the right track. That's that's the correct slide I said. Yeah. So, I'm I'm going to first just show like three slides with some key information that you need to know about the app stores on pricing and whatnot. Uh how those work and so on. And then I'm going to actually get a hands on to show you what it looks like in app stores uh or what it looks like to configure an app in app store connect and and then play store console which you will learn soon more about. Uh so in in the sheepathone rule set there is that your app needs to be published in either Apple app store or Google play. Uh nice to be either iOS app or Android app or Mac OS app. And for example, the iOS and Android app and Android and Android iOS and Mac OS app uh for those you need an Apple App Store account which is also called the place where you manage that is called App Store Connect and and that's the the dashboard I'm going to show you after this. The thing is that when you when you sign up for that you have to buy pay $99 and that's for one year. Uh so you have to keep paying for it every year if you want to keep your app published there. Uh and that's just how it works. You can have it for yourself so an individual account or you can also have it for for a company. In any case, it has to be a legal entity. So it has to be a real person owning the account or a real company owning the account. If you have a team in in in Shipaton, it might be worth considering like a company account uh for for for management purposes. But you can also do it in an individual account. Of course, that's that's a possibility as well. Google does have some limitations on what kind of apps can be published with the with the personal account like for example banking and and I think healthcare apps are limited in some matters >> and all of that is managed of course through app store connect. And then Google has has a similar one, the Google Play uh developer account that you use to manage Google Play Console. And if you're if you think the $99 is a is a bit steep, you you can consider releasing your app only for Google Play. That is also in in align with with the Shipton rules. And that's only $25. Uh and that's a onetime fee. So way cheaper than Apple in this case. Uh, of course included in both of these is a lot of APIs for the developers. Uh, Apple provides quite a lot of support also in the $99. uh if you if you need that or a lot of support is I guess uh that's not really true but at least some level of support I would say and similarly in the Google Play you can have it as an individual organization and requirements in terms of like getting your app there is that for app for Apple the review process is rather strict so they look at the design the functionality the content so your app can't for example say that this is a beta app or anything like that So, Apple doesn't allow beta apps. Uh they don't allow you to say that this feature coming soon or whatever. The app that you release needs to be uh fully ready. Uh unless you're doing like beta testing, then you should use the test flight, which is also included in the app store uh connect or app store pricing. Uh but otherwise the app you release needs to be fully ready when it when it goes out to public. And to to fully get everything done correctly, you should follow the app store review guidelines. Uh you can just Google that and find the ones. Uh there are things about privacy and monetization and user experience that you need to follow. For example, your app can actually have lag or or bugs. It will get rejected and Apple will tell you just to fix those. And then there's Google. Uh it used to be actually that Google was way quicker at reviewing and way more lenient. So you could actually find apps that didn't really work in Google Play. But this has actually changed in the last year, two years or so. And Google has become way more strict about this. Uh they have might even gotten stricter than than Apple in some cases. they they might reject you. For example, if if you have a screenshot that uses a very old model uh of and Android model and and they might even I've noticed that they can even in those cases fact that it doesn't apply the design doesn't apply to modern devices and you for them they have this developer program policies that you need to need to follow and then we're going to look at the pricing and distribution. So this is just like a really really like shallow overview. But in both cases you can determine in what countries you want the app to be available and you can have different pricing levels of those and that applies for both having money having having an actual price on your app. But in this case, since you need to add the Runicat SDK and use subscriptions or uh one-time purchases, you're mostly like should be interested in putting a free app that has monetization in the form of subscriptions, for example. Uh and usually the card is 70% 30%, so Apple and Google both take 30% of every dollar that you make. You can apply if you're making less than $1 million a year. You can apply so that you can apply for this uh small business uh change which then allows you to get 85% and Google and Apple only get 15%. The same also happens that if your subscription for users subscribe for more than a year they they al also take smaller cut after the first year. So that yeah too that on just on that point so that's not automatic that like avoiding the 30% you know if you're doing less than a million that's something you have to uh specify >> you have to apply for it. Yeah. Yeah. And it is easier if you have a company account. Uh you can apply for individually as well but usually at that point you have to show that you have like a private I don't know what it's called like a single person entity as a company to to get it. Uh but it is definitely doable and I think you can get it for personal accounts at least on Google as well. So they're trying to like help the small developers a bit at least in in that sense but it's still like this have how you have to do it and and you have to use for the monetization you have to use Apple's inapp purchases and and for Google the Google Play Store uh subscriptions in order to do it. So they need a cut. But that's that's all the slides I have about that. I'm actually not going to start showing what for example App Store Connect looks like unless there are some questions already at this point. >> Yeah, it might I was just going to say it might be worth tackling one of these questions because it's related to you kind of touched on app review and and um that process. And I mean there's it'd be interesting first off just to talk maybe about some of the the main reasons why apps get rejected in in your experience. But then there's this question which is specifically around having a a privacy policy and um that requirement and then this is actually about um you know what data is being collected if you have the revenue cat SDK installed what data is being is being collected and and therefore what needs to be included in the privacy policy. Um yeah maybe you could start with like some of the main reasons you see apps get rejected and then we can we can maybe dive into that that more specific question. >> Yeah. Yeah. So in both cases for Apple and Google you have to have to like make this uh agreement that what data you're collecting from the users. Uh revenue by default doesn't really collect that much user uh or or or data that can be used to like distinguish this between different users. But for example email if you decide to collect that that is not automatically collected. uh that is one of those and of course user ID could technically be that but when you just take revenue SDK into use we generate a user ID that is anonymous in the beginning and and then just uh you can technically use that for all the interactions for for example uh and when it comes when it comes to for example recovering a purchase or whatnot we use the default API eyes on iOS and Android level. So those don't actually use the we don't through those we don't get knowledge who is actually the one subscribing to it. Uh and and we don't have see that data but the amount of data what you collect and what goes for example in in the revenue cap dashboard depends on you. Uh so there is a way to for you to add the data you want to show on the dashboard. Then of course if you're collecting that then you should announce that uh in the privacy policy uh for both app store and and play store depending what what which one you're using. So so yeah uh I think we might even have a guidance that for this I could check afterwards. I think we had a blog post at one point at least that answered some of the privacy policy policy stuff and if not then I can that would be something that I can definitely add or add to the documentation. >> Awesome. Any any other questions? >> Uh we have uh we do have another question. It's slightly slightly I mean yeah let's let's just dive into it. So um yeah you should be able to see it on the screen now. So I've seen a number of folks struggling with the sequence of actions to take to add uh inapp purchases andor subscriptions along with an app to the Apple App Store because the two have to be added separately but submitted together. Do you have a guide um link that covers that? >> We have. Yeah, I think we do have a guide that goes through or actually the act the official documentation of RevenueCat goes through the process of like in what order you should do this, but I can I can touch upon this a bit while we set up like example apps in both App Store Connect and Google Play Console. Uh, but you should start first by developing your app. You can get a get pretty far by just building the app first and then signing up for the developer account that you need, either Google or Apple. then creating the app itself there, uploading the first version of the app. It doesn't have to have have to have the inner purchases yet, but just uploading it there. Maybe if all your features are already there, uh you could even consider submitting it for review or for Google and Apple to see if it goes through. You don't have to release it yet, but at least then you know what it takes uh in order to to publish it. And after that, you could move on to adding the revenue SDK and and actually adding the subscriptions. And I'm gonna touch up on like what the subscription management looks from the app store connect side. Uh we have a pretty extensive documentation on how to do it on on Revenue. And you can for example once your app is configured in app store connect and you've also configured the app in revenue app revenue uh dashboard and Google play as well. Uh if you're using that you can actually create the subscriptions in the Revenue dashboard instead of going to the App Store Connect or Google Play to create those subscriptions. So it if you go to dashboard, you technically are doing it in the correct order if you have the app already there available. >> Yeah. >> But I'll I'll mention that also and when I start showing this around. >> Okay. >> All right. So So this here you should be seeing an app store connect. I'm going to make this a little bit bigger. And if you're anything like me, if you've had the account for some years, you're going to when you go to the apps, you're going to see a bunch of apps that you've never released, but you've built. Uh, and this is you need to do you need to build apps in order, for example, to do test flight uh releases. And test flight releases just means apps that you want to do like a beta distribution. So allow other people to test your app on their phone. But if you're actually interested in like creating a new app, uh you just go to new app. You select the platform. So for example, iOS, you have to give it a name. It has to be unique. Uh if you if you write a name here that is already used by some other app by Dualingo, it won't allow you to move forward. So we're just going to call this a new test app number two or something like that. That probably is not a taken name. And you have to select the language. I hope this is big enough by by the way it's like you can actually read what's happening on the screen right >> you can see it yeah >> okay you have to just choose a bundle ID and you get this bundle ID by uploading the first version of your app you can do that for example through Xcode if you're doing an iOS build there it's called uh archive and upload uh or you can for example use if you saw the the expo webinar on Tuesday you could technically use Expo uh Expo launch to do this to upload the first version of your app. But I have a bunch of different bundle IDs from different apps. I can select one that I've already like created one app for example this one. And then I just need an SQU which is unique ID for app that is not visible to users. So this is for you to see uh for you to use and for Apple to use as as a unique ID in some cases. Uh so test view for example is is going to and user access I'm just going to give full access although this account doesn't have any other users than than mine and it will start creating that that app and now we have that and on Google's case before we get any further in that it's a it's a very similar thing so you just select create new app test app number two you select the language well this can be in UK it's an app here you can decide that if it's a free or paid. Uh but you have to take in consideration that once you've published you can't change the free of charge app to be paid. Uh so you can't you can't put a pricing later on the app. This doesn't include subscriptions but if you for example if your app is free in the beginning and you decide that okay this everyone's downloading this app so from now on it's going to cost $1. That can be done on Google Play. I think Apple actually allows that, but Google doesn't. So, you have to decide here. And for example, if you're using the subscriptions, you probably want the free account. And then you're just going to see that your app meets the developer program policy. So, this usually means that you've already kind of developed the first version of your app because otherwise you could not really meet these policies. And also that you accept the US export laws. Uh, and you actually have to click this even if you are not going to distribute your app in the US in order to create it. But similarly then you you create the app and after some time it hopefully goes to the created app. But while that's going on let's go through how app store connect looks like. So on the top here we have the distribution. We have test test flight and then we have something called the Xcode cloud. We don't really care about the Xcode cloud but for test flight that means beta testing. Though if you want to do beta testing, you have to upload a build. You actually see it says here upload your build using one of the several tools. See upload tools. Uh you can find Apple's documentation on how to get your app to the app store by clicking that. And then you can of course create like internal testing groups or external testing groups to distribute your app. So you could easily also if your app is already almost ready just do best by distribution for now before you actually release the app. So then how does distribution work? What do you need to fill in there? Well, first of all, you need screenshots and they actually have to be either the 6.5 iPhone or the 6.9 iPhone. Uh you don't have to plug both versions of screenshots. One is enough if your iPhone is an iPhone. If your app is an iPhone app, if it's an iPad app, of course you you need the iPad screenshots. And then of course there's the Apple Watch. So, and this the content of the screenshot has to match with what is actually happening in your app. So, this can't be fully just marketing materials. There actually has to be screenshots of your app uh in use. Then there's a promotional text. This is also required. This could for example just say that using my uh use this app to to like photos or whatever. So it's 170 characters very slow very small field and the actual description field here is the one where you can fully like go into describing your app like what are how you use it and and what features it has. You have to do all of these keyword section the same thing this is used in in the search. So when you open app store app store and start searching for something uh users will look use the keywords uh or users will not use it but if they search for example a productivity app your keyword should be productivity as one this field uh important thing to notice here is that separate the keyword with commas don't use spaces uh every separate word is considered an individual word you can for example write sentences here as keywords, but you can just use like single combined words to to make everything work. And you can also have competitor's names here. So, if you know that you're going against Twitch or something, you could technically me you could technically mention the competitor here and show up in the search result when when people are searching for Twitch. That that is a very common hack so to say for people to do. And then you need to provide a support URL. So you actually have to have some kind of URL where people can see that okay this is how I can for example email you if something goes wrong and you need to have a marketing URL. This this one can be optional. So don't have to have a website but you have to have a place where people can contact you when it comes to the app. And yeah copyright and rooting coverage file these are not really needed. Copyright you should put your name or or the company name that is needed but the rooting app coverage file is not needed. Other than that you need to do upload a bill here similar to test flight and then you need to give app review information. So this means if your app is behind a password requires a signing in in order to use it you have to create a test account or give your own uh individual username and password to Apple so that they can actually test the app before they release it. You can write some notes for example about the testing that hey sign it with with this and try this feature or or or whatever uh what could be relevant for them for test and then you need to provide your contact information. You can also add attach an attachment for example could be a video showing the features. For example, if your app requires a lot of setup before this before you can actually use it or or uses health data or whatever, you could show a video where that data is already there to help Apple do the review process. And then you can decide when this re version is released. So as soon as first one is of course that you release this version manually. Second one is that automatically once Apple approves your app and then third is that after certain period of time. In most cases, you probably want the manual release of this app because it allows you to configure that. Let's say that you you build your app, you release it, and you notice at some point that there's a bug that Apple didn't catch, for example, but you know that there is. At that point, you probably don't want the app to go out, but instead you just want to make a new release and upload that before releasing the version that has a bug. Uh other things you need to do, uh yes, you're going to need to add a subtitle. You're gonna you can change the set up eight ratings here and also change the language and category of your app. So for example is it business books or whatever and you can have like two categories. There can be a primary category there can be a secondary one. This is used to show the app in correct place in the app store rankings. And then you need to add the app encryption documentation if your app uses the nonexpect encryption. And this is a bit of a complex topic. So I suggest once you get to this stage, you just learn you just click learn more and read if your app actually doesn't follow these guidelines. In most cases, your app most likely doesn't use any non-accept encryption. So you can just skip this part. But just make sure if if that's something that you need to do. And of course the app store server notifications that's something that revenue needs when you you configure it and simulate the apps stores app specific shared password. Uh and there's a bunch of fields basically you have to go through all of these. So app privacy for example filling up filling in what kind of things are needed. You need to have a privacy policy ur URL. So what tells URL which tells your app like what data you're collecting and how users can for example ask their app to be deleted. Uh accessibility features you can tell if you have those. And then like that's most of the stuff that you need to like fill in. Then the other parts here are more like when you start to monetize and add new features to your app. And most of these you don't ne necessarily ever have to touch uh during this hackathon but you what you do need to do is either take the inapp purchases or the subscriptions c category. So inapp purchases is is for consumables and non-consumable purchases that you can then configure in revenue SDK as well or revenue dashboard as well. And subscriptions is of course for for subscriptions. And when you're creating subscriptions, you need to create subscription groups and then the actual subscriptions. For this, we have documentation. So I'm not going to go through it. But uh it also requires a few steps. You need to show actual subscriptions. They need to have the correct information there. They need to have the pricing and everything before you can actually release the app. So you can't release an app which doesn't have subscriptions or you can release an app without subscriptions but you can't release an app that has like subscriptions that are half completed. So you either have to delete them, remove them or just complete them completely and then release then send it to Apple for review because they're going to also test the subscriptions if they work or not. Yeah. And then Google well Google is a little bit more e easier to follow because they have a clear structure on how you need to go through this. So first is to release your app for internal testing without review and this is actually required uh you can't move onwards without doing this. So if at this point if you're building an app for Google Google Play Store, I suggest you take a look at this uh blog post written by Jong uh about how to navigate the Google's 14-day testing rule. So during 14 days, you have to like have your app tested so that it doesn't delay the submission or so that if your app is untested, Google will not approve it. So take a look at this before like way before Shipaton is coming to an end and actually like you should probably already take a look at it now because there it's very likely that once you once you've tested the app you've cut in the uh 12 testers for 14 consecutive days you might still come up that Apple or Google in this case Google they reject your app for some reason. So, better to get started with soon with Apple and Google reviewing your app. >> Yeah, >> another that's another that's another good plug for the uh for joining the Discord, right? Because if you need to find testers, great place to uh to find I think we actually have a channel dedicated for that. I forget, but um yeah, another another plug for the Discord if you're if you're needing to find people to help with that stuff. >> Yeah, most definitely. Yeah, make make use of uh other Shipaton participant to test your app. Uh so that it doesn't like that's the not that's that doesn't end up being the reason why you you're going to get your app out because Google didn't think you had enough testers. But yeah, Google is going to ask much of the same questions. So if you look at the the task included here, I'm going to make this a little bit bigger. So provide information about your app and setup store listing. There's going to be like you're going to need the privacy policy. You're going to need the app access like what what age and whatn not has has like access to it. Does your app have ads? Who is the target audience? Data is safety government of apps. Is it a health app? You have to list all of those. And then you have to go also fill the store listing and most of here are the same thing. So you have a short description and full description. You need to have app icon. Uh Apple does not require that but Google does. You need to have a feature graphic uh and you need to have screenshots phone screenshot in this case of of the of the app or or tablet if you have these seem to be also required but I think you can also actually go go on without having uh attendance tablet screenshot but if you need to do that just build your app in a in an Android emulator and and have them there they're usually mostly enough and yeah most of it is the same as what Apple requires. And yeah and then you can of course configure the testing tracks so that you can have a open beta closed beta uh you can have a even an alpha testing so that it's in app store and anyone can download it or they might be called beta as well but in any case it shows up this as like a beta app in the play store uh and users can test it but uh it's not like an actual full release yet and that's pretty much what you need to do. So you need to in like a lot of information in both of these cases. Uh but you only have to do it once. So once you've filled up all the information, you can you can of course go back to to adding the the app information. You can extend you can add more stuff or actually what I'm looking for is this actually. Yeah. So you can update the screenshot every time you make a new release, the promotional text and whatnot. You can always make edits to those. But when it comes to, for example, privacy and whatnot, you only have to do it once unless those things change and then you you no longer have to go back to it. >> Uh that's it in in a nutshell. >> Yeah. >> Quick just just that that's it. Simple simple as that. Um yeah, >> just a quick quick question on the uh on the Google um the 14-day testing requirement piece. So um Andy was asking or to just to confirm that if you have an organization account versus individual do does the does that um there's no delay is is there a delay or is there no delay? >> I think there's still a delay in in organization as well that you can't fully circumvent it. Uh but I will actually have to check that. >> I'm not sure. I I'll get back to you in just in a minute. >> Okay. TBD. And then just on the generally on the on the timers because that I mean that's probably one of the things we see in the Discord a lot and asked is is about timings and particularly with shipon like submissions you know the window closes on the 30th of September. You want to get the app published and live before then. Um how long would you say people need to be giving for this process? >> Uh at least two weeks I would say. So like Apple and Google both take like especially for the first release of the app it can take anything from like uh few hours to to few days uh for them to approve your app or even to review it like that's the thing like it can in some cases Google uh might look at the app for almost a week before they reject it and and then you have you're in a situation that now I need to make make the changes that they requested uh and submit it again. And sometimes it might be that they just check that okay you did those changes so good to go. Uh but it might also be that they come up with new requirements that is also very common that they notice after uh some amount of re after reviewing it for 5 days that hey you also need to fix this and these things. So the sooner you start doing the review process with Apple and Google and actually doing it so that you fix the things that they ask you uh the better. Uh so don't just keep submitting the same app with the same problems because for example from my personal experience I once did that with Google that I just like I fixed few of the issues and they came up with new ones and eventually after three rounds they decided that uh I'm wasting their time and and rejected the whole app and I had to upload a completely new new bundle ID and everything in in order to continue. I I checked and apparently if your if your organization account uh for Google Play Store is approved uh as soon as that is approved you can start uploading your app. So it is only for the personal accounts that you have to do the 14-day testing. That's at least one source said that. So uh I'm I'm guessing they they expect 14-day testing uh actual testers for the app because of there's a bit of a higher chance that it's spam if it's an individual user uploading their app. Yeah. And then I guess on the like you went through both of those processes and there's like multiple steps, lots of places you could potentially fall down, but where would you say and Rick maybe you have some uh some examples of this. Where would you say most people uh you know fall foul of the process? Do you think there are anything any any bits you should pay like particular attention to or things that trip people up most often? Yeah, I would say that try to release your first version of your app without the inapp purchases just to see that uh it's not the features or anything that gets blocked cuz in a purchases they they might end up having there can be multitude of problems. For example, if you for forget to attach like a privacy policy or or some terms of service that that actually if you use Remini uh pay walls, there's usually a button ready made for those. Uh but if you're being the payw wall yourself, you might forget to do that. You might then send your app and Apple rejects because of that. Uh so you don't want to be fighting like two battles at the same time. instead just like try to get the first version of the app approved by Apple. Uh you don't have to release it. I said you can you can configure it so that release it manually. Uh once it goes through then you just continue building a new set of features, make a new build, upload that and and then send that for review so that you always have an version of the app that you could technically send out uh because it's been approved. That's what you should aim for because then if you run out of time toward ship it then like we have a month to go. Uh and if you're thinking like okay this app is going to be so good when it goes out so I'm just going to wait until the last day if you ship it. Don't do that. It's very likely that you'll get rejected for some it could be even like a random issue. Could be a bug that only shows up on Apple's devices or something like that. Uh because those things have definitely happened before. Yeah, >> maybe to uh also pull in Heidi and that's how I'm going to pronounce it. Heidi's question in uh in the questions where um he asked if um using Paddle to handle payment for subscriptions is going to get him rejected. The answer to that is yes. And and that's not that's a very very common mistake. And every once in a while somebody slips through. I've literally had apps I've talked to apps that have been around for like a year. have been earning money through like Paddle or Stripe for a year and then at some update suddenly somebody clocks the fact that they're not using inapp purchases and they're immediately pulled because the TLDDR you need to use inapp purchases. It's a it's a complex topic now where in some markets in some circumstances you can use something else as well but you always always always also use inapp purchases. So by default especially if you're building a new thing just do inapp purchases. Don't worry about like optimizing for the fee that you're going to pay. uh because once you start doing web purchases, conversions are going to be lower. You're going to have uh refunds that are going to be very expensive. There's all kinds of there's all kinds of stuff. Just just do inapp purchases. So, that happens quite a lot, right? People being confused confused by that. And uh especially on the Apple side, when they test your app, the environment they use to do that testing is notoriously flaky, right? So um your app can be rejected for, you know, a thing that you know for sure is working isn't working on the tester's device. And then literally what you do is you reroll, right? You reroll. And um if if you get caught in this loop, which happens sometimes, right, where somebody reacts to you and you're like, "No, no, that works." And they're like, "No, no, it doesn't work." You go back and forward. Um unlisted YouTube video. So record like a screen grab. Ideally, do a little talking face thing, right? where you explain what is actually happening, have it as an unlisted YouTube video, insert the URL, they're going to watch the video. It's gonna it's going to save you it's going to save you a ton of time. Um >> yeah, just to give you an example how how how strict and and detail oriented Apple for example is in the review process. I I once worked on an health app that did not have enough purchases technically like it was behind like an authentication. You had to log in to use the app and it had been in the app store for two years. The way it made money was that you would buy these blood glucose sensors as a subscription. So you were buying a physical thing and we had thought that that meant that we don't then have to pay anything for Apple because we're selling a physical thing. But Apple actually in one of the reviews uh they checked the website of the app and they went through the whole purchase process and in one part of the purchase process it mentioned that in addition to the sensors you get access to the app and they had taken a screenshot of that and they sent us that and said that this actually means that your app is providing digital services behind payments that are done through web and you now need to offer also an inapp purchase option. And that then meant that we had to before we could make any new releases to the app, we actually had to implement inapp purchases uh in order to to to get through the review process. So So they founded one part of the copy on the website that said that includes access to the app and that was enough for them to determine that this app requires enough purchases to to function. So they they do go like through everything that that you have there in the app or in the app store uh connect. Okay, I'm just checking through our Discord. So we have we actually have a couple of questions here about what happens like next. So that at that point so at the point at which you get rejected um what does the process look like then? How much information will Apple Google provide to you? How quickly can you like resubmit and then how quickly would they either say yes or no again? >> Yeah. Uh this depends a bit if if the reason why they reject you is in something you added in like app store connect or play store console. Uh so for example, let's say that you put some screenshots there, but they're outdated or they don't like uh show the features of the app or whatever. Uh let's say that you just put like marketing images that show people using a phone and being happy about it and list the features. If it doesn't show the app, we will get rejected. In that case, you can just update those assets and send it to review immediately in both cases. But if they actually come across some bugs or uh other problems, they will usually list out the reasons why they've rejected your app. Uh and they will actually point out the different like their developer policies that hey, you're breaking this policy with this release or this thing this copy in your app is called for example saying that it's beta and we don't allow apps that are like unfinished in in App Store or Play Store. you need to fix those. So in that case you have to actually make a new build and and submit that before you can before you can release uh or before you can send it to to review process again and and then you just wait. It might actually if it's if it's a single thing it might be that it takes like some cases just like 15 minutes and they're like okay approved because it was just missing that small crucial part. Uh but in some case it might be that the review person who reviewed the app changes they go through what was flagged by the previous reviewer and then they come up come come up with their reasons why the app should still be rejected which could be completely different. So now you end up fixing another set of issues. Uh so it really ma uh really differs and sometimes if you're making just a small bug fix to the app store uh to the app and submitting that some reviewer could notice something uh that no one else has noticed before and reject you. They won't pull the app that you've already released from app store but before you can make any new releases you have to address those issues um before you can submit new new versions. >> Yeah. Yeah. I was just reading uh Andy's comment in the in the chat. So, he's saying that um he was rejected under the fraud and objectionable content clause because what's new said no long no longer prompts for screen recording. And um he's saying that because video recording no longer used replay kit and so the permission request no longer appeared. The reviewer accused Andy of pretending to offer screen recording but not having any such feature. So yeah, be careful about yeah your descriptions. So yeah, it's funny. Yeah, I feel like just based on the chat, I mean people people are like scarred by the app review process. >> Yeah, it is it it has been very very cruel. I I would say there still is, but at times you also notice some very weird apps getting through with so many problems or even just like outright being spam or harmful apps getting just through Apple's review. Uh, wish less you to wonder that who actually ended up reviewing that because people have gotten rejected for less. >> Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Okay. Um, I'm not seeing any more questions on on Discord. Anyone that's on LiveTorm or the other streams? If you have any other like final questions, please please send them over. Um, but given we're we're kind of coming closer time. Yeah. Rick Pu, any other any other bits? any other any other little bits of wisdom you want to share or or bits from from your experience that we can we can tell everyone? Well, I can't emphasize this enough that like submit your app uh now and and potentially even release it. Like I I Yeah, I I there was a good tweet that someone shared, I think it was in Revenue Slack, that if you think you're launching like too early, uh remember that Google launched Google Maps without Europe included. So like your your attitude should be similar that if it's missing that crucial feature the feature that you think is crucial just just ship it already. Uh it's it's not going to have a like a probably not going to have any bad side effects and you can just launch again after that. You can continue launching until your apps becomes a becomes a big thing. >> Yeah. And and and maybe to to connect to that, um it's a call back to to when we did this about ideiation and and uh learning from your competitors, the app store, and sending it to the people that you thought were going to download it, right? your your target audience is going to be way more useful than whatever other thing you can do to uh to like build the best possible app, right? You want to get apps when done right. Apps are not a product. Apps are a process, right? And this is just the start. So, ship it, get it into the hands of people, gather feedback, make it better, get more users, make more than $2 and5,000 a month, pay us uh that. >> Yeah, that's the most important lesson. >> The most important thing. >> Yeah. >> Oh, good. Um, all right. Super. Well, maybe we can maybe we can wrap it up there. So, um, yeah, thank you. Thank you, Peru. Super, super helpful. I appreciate you running through all of that. And Rick, thank you for for jumping on and joining as well. And then also, thank you to everybody in the chat, Grant and Andy. Um, yeah, appreciate you you jumping in and sharing your experiences as well. It's helpful for everybody to to hear hear them. Um, so we are we are almost are we at the halfway mark? Can we say that yet? I don't think we can quite say, but we are almost at the halfway mark for Shipeton. Uh, so submissions. Oh, Rick, do you want to jump in? >> Yeah. So I think one thing to keep in mind is that yeah we're almost at the h halfway mark of ship timeon last year hadn't even started yet right >> no >> we have double the last year people built and shipped things in in less than a month right so however far behind you think you are you still have more than enough time right uh you still have more than enough time so yeah don't give Keep building, keep shipping. >> Yeah. Yeah. Keep going. There. Look, follow that building public hashtag and you will see you will see people that are just starting and um yeah, the the amount of of of shipping is is incredible. But yeah, to Rick's point, loads of time left. Um loads more webinars to come as well. You can see the full schedule on shipton.comitlive or liveream. You'll see it on there. Uh, next Tuesdays, just a plug for next Tuesdays because, you know, the last one that Pu and I are hosting, we might not be trusted to do anymore. Uh, next Tuesdays is with is with uh, Paddle. So, we've had we've had a few questions in the last few sessions about Paddle and about to web and and utilizing the web, that's a great session to join if that's something you're thinking about. So, if that's on your radar um, and you're thinking of leveraging Paddle or or other um, yeah, web uh, web stuff, then and then make sure you don't miss uh, Tuesday's Tuesday's session. Um but yeah, I think uh I think with that we'll um oh wait, we have do we have time? Yes, two minutes left. We have uh two two quick questions. Um P two, if I upload uh an app on Play Store for Shippeton, then after how much time will we get to upload an app for iOS as well? >> Uh you can do that at the same time like nothing stopping you from uploading at the same time to those stores. Uh, shipon technically only allows uh requires for you to ship one of the stores, but especially if you're aiming for like uh growing the app, definitely if you have the app ready for both platforms and ship like publish them in both as soon as possible. It it doesn't matter in terms of the of the rules of shipathon. >> Yeah. Super. And then um exploring other ways. Is it possible to move from an individual to an organization account in Google Play Console? I feel like that is possible. You probably have to create like maybe have to create another account and port stuff across. But I feel like that >> Yeah, you can definitely move apps from like individual account. >> Yeah. >> To organizational in both actually. And like changing the account type, I don't think that's possible. It might be possible if you like contact Google that hey we would like to do this kind of thing. But they will probably still in that case just ask you to create a new organization account and guide you through moving the app the apps uh from from one account to another. Uh and the same applies for to Apple as well. >> Yeah. Perfect. All right. I think that's all the questions and we're at the top of the hour so we'll wrap it up there. Thank you very much everyone. Thank you Rick. Thank you, Pu. Um, we'll see you see you all soon. >> Yeah. >> Thanks, folks. >> Thanks. Bye.