We are live. I already see people uh in the chat. So that's exciting. All right. Uh so uh normally when we kick these off, we give people, you know, a couple minutes to come in. And normally I ask you, uh the question everybody really wants to know, which is what's the weather like uh over there? But let's just start really quick with where are you and what's the weather like there? You asking me or the chat? I'm ask Well, I'm asking you. I'm in the chat too if [laughter] people want to if people want to tell us. Yeah. Uh I'm in Netherlands and the weather is quite warm. Uh this is one of those weeks that would be called uh a heat wave here in Europe. Uh but in in US, this is this is totally manageable weather. But when you Yeah. When you live in a continent that hasn't discovered air conditioning yet, uh these weeks can be very very warm. Uh so yeah, if you start see me start sweating midway through the this live thing, it's not because something went wrong. It's just I'm slowly cooking here in this room. [laughter] Uh, and I am I'm coming uh to you all from uh Japan. So, it is the middle of the night here. Uh, which means you're getting, you know, uh, Charlie after dark a little uh, maybe loopy, which I think I think makes these a little more exciting if I'm being honest. So, I think it's going to be I think it's going to be a fun one. Um, so I see we got somebody from DC. Uh, DC saying it's kind of hot but not too bad. I assume means it's like swamp weather with, you know, intense humidity and uh very very warm compared to Amsterdam. That would be my guess. All right, so let's kick it off. You ready to go? I'm ready. All right, so uh welcome to the first uh Shipon 2026 live stream. Um, this is kind of going to be like an overview of the shipon itself. We're going to talk specifically about like the judging process a little bit. Um, but the most important thing here is it's live. It's a live stream. This is not just a recording of me and Peru uh talking that we're going to share. So, uh, if you're here and you're listening, like ask questions. We're going to have I'll share a link here in a second uh to our Discord. You can ask questions in there. You can ask questions on YouTube. um and those will show up and we're going to bring those in and we're going to try and answer them live as we're going because again that's the entire point of this. So please uh engage and we'll we'll engage back. Uh so let's start by talking about who we are. So start uh I'm Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revenue Cats and the self-proclaimed uh captain of the shipon. Um and Perto, do you want to introduce yourself? Yeah. Yeah. Perto uh also a developer advocate here here at RevenueCad and I'm I'm not the captain of anything but I do take care of the judging process uh quite thoroughly. Uh and I've been quite busy last week when we were getting everything ready to kick off and I'm going to be even busier as as Shipon concludes and we have to judge possibly thousands of apps. So [snorts] yeah, it's a tall order and uh I'm very ha glad to have you this year uh to to help with the logistics [laughter] of that because it's it's quite intense uh you might say. So uh like I said, this is very interactive. So please please please ask questions. Uh this right here is a link to our Discord. There's a channel called Shipaton-livestreams. Uh you can ask questions in there. Like I said, if you're on YouTube also, please, you know, leave comments, ask questions there, and we'll try and answer them as we go. And then we'll have kind of like time at the end for just a standard kind of Q&A as well. All right. So, I like to uh start these by doing community shoutouts for all the people that are building in public. Uh and as you can see here, I got a little excited uh whenever I was preparing for this because it's been weeks uh with not having live streams to like showcase people that have been making content online and people are already just making so much stuff. It's crazy. go to your social media app of choice and search shipon and you're going to see all sorts of crazy inspiring uh stuff and people that you should definitely follow along in their journey and encourage um and also places where you can you know post your own. So I just wanted to call out a couple of these. I'll try to go through them quick here but you can see uh Caric here is uh I don't know if you can see my mouse but he's got a uh really cool like animation for his app that he's been working on. Um, Shako here. Uh, I loved this because this is near and dear to my heart. Uh, it looks like she's doing a bunch of UGC content and was talking about how her camera roll is filled with awkward uh, photos of her face because it's the beginning of all these videos and I can definitely relate uh, having made a lot of that stuff myself. Uh, Anna is on Instagram making a bunch of cool stuff. Uh PK is on Twitter making a bunch of cool videos talking about uh app store review times being slow, which I think uh a lot of you can probably relate to right now. Uh Aziz uh talked about how he's trying to descope and actually like get an MVP out and uh figure out what where the actual value is so he can ship. Definitely something uh a lot of you probably relate to. And then let's see on YouTube uh Nathan who is that Nathan? Yeah, that's the same Nathan I think that I saw in the chat earlier. Uh Nathan was uh is doing live streams of his development on YouTube. And then Neil has been building a game that reminds me a lot of F-Zero, which is a game I really liked, or Wipeout. Um but he's making a game and uh competing in our new game category, which has been very very fun to watch. In fact, there's a lot of games I've already seen uh people building, which is which has been pretty fun. Um, and then uh Oh, yeah. Sorry. Go ahead. No, no. I was going to say that I I love the uh how many games we're already seeing. Uh it's turning out to be like a surprisingly popular category. I wasn't expecting that. I thought that uh or like I expect some amount, but it seems like it's going to be like almost the most popular category in a way, at least when it comes to building public uh stuff. So, it's pretty cool. I think that's going to be especially challenging for uh our judging process because I'm afraid those are going to be [laughter] addicting and people might spend a little too much time uh you know playing them and not moving on to judge. So that that might be a unique challenge for this year. Um and then also uh our shipon IRL events. So these are uh in-person events happening all over the world with uh local you know development builder communities and there's already been a bunch that have happened. So, uh, obviously I'm in Japan here, so we've been doing some stuff with RavenCat specifically. We have a cat fay we've been running. There was a a big kickoff party, uh, on Friday, but then also uh, App Builders PH in Manila had an event. Uh, in Vancouver, there was a core coffee event. There's been one in New York. Um, so it's been really fun, uh, seeing these events and people already getting together and having fun with all the Revnikat swag we're sending around and mostly just encouraging and, you know, having fun together and, uh, inspiring each other. And then, uh, there's a whole bunch of events coming up. Uh, it used, I think last year I always had like three of these and then it kind of got a little bit crowded, but already this is getting to where I'm not going to go through and list all of them because it's crazy. Uh, but I'll always have these up here for the ones coming up. I highly highly recommend going to the shipathon.com website and going to the events page. Um, you can sort them by your location and see which ones are kind of in your area. Um, but it's increasingly likely that there's one uh close to you that you can you can go to and meet other people that are that are participating in the shipon. So, uh, definitely definitely check that out. Um, and then thank you, uh, as I will always say to all of our sponsors. So, you see our prize pool is insane this year, and that is, uh, in large part because of all these sponsors that have been helping us out. Um, also, all the discounts that they're giving out as part of the ship kit are coming from them. So, big big thanks to all the sponsors, uh, for helping make this year's Shipathon insanely big. All right. So, uh I'm just going to do a quick kind of overview of the shipon. I know most of you probably know the details, but I just kind of want to talk through it uh based on where we're at now because it's kind of an ever growing evolving thing. Uh and so it's good to just kind of go through that. But before I do, I just want to make sure uh you all we're answering any questions. So, has there been any questions, Pu? I know you've been monitoring in the chat uh that I Yeah, there's been one about the Yeah, one about suching process. So, would it make any difference to the judging if someone submitted two or more projects? Uh, we'll be going to be covering that a little bit later on, but that's the only question so far. But, uh, keep sending them. I'll keep track of them and we'll try to cover most of them during the judging part uh when we go through how judging works and shipon. Awesome. All right. So, Shipaton, uh, it's, you know, going from August 1st, which we're in it now, through the end of September. And the idea is you need to ship the very first version of an app into one of the app stores. That's Apple's App Store, the Google Play Store, or new this year, the Samsung Galaxy Store. And that has to be shipped during that window. And the first version of it has to be shipped during then. Uh, we get a lot of questions about like, you know, if I do a major new feature, does that count? That does not. Uh, if I port an app from, you know, Android to iOS or iOS to Android or an Android app over to the from the Play Store, over to the Samsung Galaxy Store, it need it does need to be a new app. However, there is one small caveat there, which is if you have a web app currently, uh, that is okay. like a web app will not if there was a web app that already was out before your mobile app came out. Um that's okay. As long as the very first mobile app came out during the window, then you're good there. Um and then the last requirement, main requirement here is that it needs to use the RevenueCat SDK for some kind of monetization. So that can be an inapp purchase, a subscription, or we have an ads product now. And in fact, we have a whole category dedicated to integrating ads into your app. So that can work as well. Um the prizes, again, you've probably seen most of these, but there is a large uh cash prize. It's over $700,000. Uh currently, um we get a lot of questions about this because it is a little confusing the way that DevPost shows these, but uh the the cash prizes are actually a little bit bigger than what you see on DevPost now. And more sponsors have been being added, so it actually is increasing. And we'll like announce that more publicly whenever it happens. But those numbers are actually even getting bigger than this uh as we go. And so that's why those numbers are a little confusing as you look at them. Um and then uh the first place winners in in all the categories will be featured on a gigantic billboard in Times Square in New York City. Um we have trophies. You can see a picture of one of them there. Uh insanely high quality trophies that come in this crazy like metal case. Um and those are called the shippies. and we'll be handing those out at our new this year red carpet shippies award show. Uh more details on that uh coming in the future too, but that is going to be wild. Um and that's also in New York. Um and then you'll get a ticket to the App Growth annual conference which is Revenue Cat's conference for app builders and app companies uh trying to grow you know their business. Um and then another new thing this year is uh press coverage. So we have uh sponsored posts that will be going live on 9 to5 Mac and 9to5 Google to announce all the winners. Um which you know from personal experience uh with my own indie apps I've found that specifically 9 to5 Mac and Google are very like actually uh uh what's the word I'm looking for productive in terms of like getting users to download. They're readership is a readership that's very interested in apps just in the concept of them. So, uh, we thought that would be kind of a fun, it's kind of a fun counterpart to the billboards, which are big and flashy, but like very broadly targeted to just everybody. And then it would be fun to have kind of a less big and flashy, but actually way more targeted to people that are more likely to, you know, download and and become subscribers to your app. So, that was kind of a fun idea that we're doing this year. Um and then we have uh uh the shipon growth fund this year which you'll get exposure to that group and they will consider you know your apps uh to be part of that fund. All right. Uh so another thing which we haven't talked a whole lot about is the shipon sale. So uh you probably know about the ship kit which is a bunch of discounts that you get from our sponsors whenever you sign up and those are exclusive and a lot more limited in terms of how many uh we can give out. But the shipon sale is a way for anybody in the community that runs a service or builds a tool for app builders. They can run some kind of sale and they can use the hashtag shippetonale and promote it, you know, across the internet. But we also have a page on our site uh that is shippon.com/shippeton-sale. And if you go there right now, I think I was counting this morning I added a couple more. There's over 25 uh different apps that are running sales for shipon builders. Uh so definitely check that one out as well because again it's even more uh discounts and deals that you can find uh during the shipon. All right, so let's talk about the categories. So I'm not going to make you listen to every single category that we have here. Um but like I said, we're here to answer questions. So if you have questions about specific categories, please please ask them here. Um, but I did want to call out that there are more categories than we originally announced and way more than we had last year. Um, and I wanted to kind of go through those. So, you can see this is a screenshot from our website. Um, which actually I could just pull it up here because this is a live stream. We can do stuff like this. Uh, let's see. I'm going to go home. So, if I go down to the category section, make window a little bigger so it's easier to see. You can see uh we have our grand prize and our build-in public award. These are kind of the the two big ones, same as what we had last year. And then there's these different tabs with other categories. So the core awards are kind of the main categories similar to what we had last year. There's a couple new ones like the best game award and the cat advertising award. Um but then there's also this influencer awards tab and sponsored categories tab. So actually I'll talk about sponsored categories quick because this one's a little easier to explain. So these are similar to last year we had a couple categories that were from sponsors. Um and this year we can see we have quite a bit more. So these are specific categories that our sponsors have uh have brought in and brought cash prizes for themselves. Um and it just adds more ways for you to win and you can target uh their rules. And each one of these you can click on and see, you know, the details for what the requirements are for this one, what the judges are looking for, etc. Uh, so the sponsor categories are very similar to the core awards, but they were obviously coming from our sponsors. And then the in awards Oh, yep. Yeah. Before you continue, you're still showing the uh influencer categories. So Oh, you can't Oh, it's not showing. It didn't It's showing my tab. Dang. Yeah. Uh that's okay. Uh well, let's see if I can if you just take the second slide, we can actually see it from there. So this is what I was just talking about the sponsored categories. Uh which is like I said, you can you can click on any of these and you'll see all the details um for uh what the requirements are and everything for that. And then if you click on the influencer awards tab, you'll see these new categories. So, some of you may have participated in a contest that we ran earlier this year that wasn't shippeton related called the shipyard. Um, and this is basically taking the ideas from that and bringing it into the shipon. So, the idea of the influencer awards is a lot of people come to the shipon and they want to build something, but they don't already have an idea and they don't have an audience that they want to be building for because they're not exactly sure what they want to build. So, what we did is we went out to a bunch of influencers in a bunch of different categories. Uh, so you can see there's like a a healthy like nutrition influencer. Here's a productivity kind of tech influencer, a fitness influencer, yoga and fitness right here. Um, and these are people who they're not like app builders or anything like that. They just are people that have an audience um that they create content for right now. and we asked them if they had an idea for an app that they think that their audience would be really interested in um and they would like to talk about, you know, to their audience. And so they basically came up with a category that's already pre-et [snorts] audience. Um and they again, you can click on these and see the details. They all have videos as well explaining these. Um, and this is a great way if you don't already know what you want to build to kind of kickstart building for somebody else already. Um, and included in those pages is not only the the category like the the type of app that they want, but there's also like demographic data about their audience. So, you can see if it's, you know, mostly women between these ages in these regions. Um, and you can kind of tune and build your apps specifically for an audience that already exists, which I think is like a really neat uh new interesting thing that we're doing this year. Um, all right. So, is there any questions that have popped up that we should answer before we get to the like judging process uh section here? Yeah. So, I would take this one. Uh, let's see if I can get it to show this one. So do we need to be in teams or do we submit individually? Uh that is up to you. You can either form a team or you can submit by yourself. Uh so both are allowed. That was one question. And then another one that I would also cover. Are AI apps allowed? I'm not sure if this uh covers apps like that incorporate AI or are built with AI, but both both are completely uh valid apps. If we if we weren't allowing either of those, uh this would be uh uh an empty competition in the year 2026, I think. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Uh we allow more than just purely artisal handcoded apps uh in this competition. Definitely. uh and I would recommend uh using it uh both in your app for features and obviously for the actual development itself uh at this stage. Uh although you know if you're handcrafting everything I'd be very interested uh to see how you you know go about doing that. That would be that would be kind of a fun challenge. Exactly. Um and then I thought there was one more. Did I not see another one in there? Oh, can we submit multiple apps? Yeah. And yeah, that is allowed. Multiple apps, uh, they have to be separate submissions. So, a new submission in defost if you have a different app. So, don't put two apps in in the same submission. Uh, unless they're of course like if you're building for iOS and Android, the app is for two platforms. Do include that. Do don't make those the same app than on two different platforms. for example, two different submissions. But if it's a completely different app, prefer multiple or don't just prefer, but actually do multiple death submissions for different apps. Cool. All right, those are the ones I saw. Are you're you're tracking uh Discord as well, is that correct? Yeah. Yeah. No questions there yet. Okay. Oh, we got one more here. So if I submit version one in August and release a major update in September, is that allowed? Uh yes. Yeah. Yeah. So the that that is actually an interesting kind of nuance to all this. So uh like we said, the the first version of your app has to be released during the window in August or September. Um but we aren't judging the first version. we're judging uh based on what the app looks like when we get to the judging period um after September 30th, right? 30th, not 31st. Um so absolutely you can and should ship your MVP as soon as you can and then start building from there for two reasons. Uh one is because app review takes a very long time. uh and it seems to be increasingly taking a longer time uh as the days go on. So the sooner you can get it submit, the sooner you're in the store and you're like good to go. Um but the other big reason for that is there the grand prize is called the build and grow award and that is actually specifically about building and growing the app after you released it. Um, so you know the shipon is very different than a normal hackathon for lots of different reasons, but this is one of the big reasons and it's because it's about for certain categories anyway building and growing a business, not just creating a hack project and that you then kind of throw out. It's like you you have to get it out into the world and then do something with that. And so the build and grow award is all about that followth through. And in order to do that, you want to ship earlier and then grow it. And so ways you can grow it obviously are on the marketing side, but also bringing in feedback from your users, creating features that you know spark more organic growth or viral growth or whatever it is, however you are building your app. Um, so yeah, that is definitely allowed and and definitely encouraged in fact. All right, let's see. Looks like we're getting a bunch of questions in here now. Um yeah, let's let's go ahead and go through the judging process and then we'll come back to these. Uh unless there's something you think that we need to jump on right away here. No, I will try to remember these and and go through answer most of these during when we talk about the judging. So, perfect. Okay. So, let's talk about how we judge the ship. So, uh, I'm mostly going to hand this over to you, but what I am going to do is tell everybody they should go check out, uh, a blog post that Perthu wrote, um, about how we judge the Shipeton. So, it's like like so many things with this hackathon, it's different and a little bit weird and way bigger than a normal hackathon. And so, our judging process is pretty complicated and a little odd. And it's something that, uh, you should keep in mind obviously if you're competing for something. So, um, I would use this as a resource. We wrote this so that people have a little bit more understanding of, you know, how we're doing this judging and that's also why we're talking about it here. So, I would recommend checking this out and I'm actually going to pull I'll pull this up while you're talking uh so that if you're wanting to show some of the little graphics or something, I can I can do that live. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's start covering from from the very top, I guess. Uh if you can show the article. That's what I'm attempting to do. Okay. [laughter] All right. Oh, yeah. That was still the slideshow. I thought that you were already sharing the the the screen. Uh but a little bit about the judging. So, so the blog post that I've written covers uh the judging process and some of the data that we had from last year uh how we did last year's judging. We're pretty much going to have the same judging process uh this year uh with some minor alterations. For example, some categories have specific needs. for example, the nextG category uh where you have different requirements and therefore we also have to do a different different way of of judging the apps. uh but to start with so when when Shipaton runs we get a lot of uh people working on projects and we get a lot of submissions and when things conclude on October or September 30th we're left with uh potentially this year we're expecting higher number but potentially thousands of app submissions and we have to go through those in a little bit less than two weeks in order to get the winners uh be able to send the invites uh for the main prize winner and also the bill in public winner because they're we're going to fly them to New York to take part in the shippies. The other category winners also get invitations but we don't arrange travel for those. But in order to that to happen happen we of course need to have the winners before that shipies awards uh ceremony happen so that people can actually make it uh and can arrange their travel if they want to uh receive the trophy in in person. So we're under a very tight schedule uh in order to get everything judged before that. And in the blog post if you scroll down a bit you can see like some of the numbers from from previous years. Uh I uh this one but also like the timeline for Yes. Uh so in this we've collected a little bit like how people when people usually submit their project. You can see that we get a massive uh like spike in submissions all my always towards the end of shipathon and actually like 25% of last year's apps were submitted in the last three days when the hackathon was open. Uh and I take this opportunity I'll interrupt you here and just I'm going to hound on this a lot but especially early on is ship it early. Like I know lots of people are going to ship it right up to the end. Uh even last year when we weren't having all these like app store delays in terms of review times. Uh it it slows down especially when so many people are participating. Uh you know there's a good chance and there's a chance that even last year that the shipon itself was slowing down app review because the amount of people that were that were shipping. Uh and so the earlier you can get it the less you're going to have to deal with that. We had so many people that were very frustrated because, you know, they submitted their app uh even maybe a couple days before the end, but it just got stuck in review and, you know, they missed out on that deadline. Um, and this is especially true if you're on Android and you're on a new developer account because there's a bunch of specific requirements there in terms of uh how long you have to be in beta testing and you even have to get some beta testers um which we have a Discord channel to help you with that um if you have questions there. But yeah, I I just want to hammer that uh home again here which is like ship early, get it in the store sooner rather than later. You can always do updates and in fact you probably should be doing updates anyway. So, get it out there. All right, I'll stop interrupting. Yeah, I was I was going to say the exact same thing that like submit as early as possible. Uh like we got a lot of submissions last year and a lot of submissions got disqualified just for the fact that the app was not released during the review or during the period of the hackathon. So for example, if your app becomes available on uh October 1st, it will not get included in the judging. So we we will always when we c when we go through the submissions, we will check when the app was released and if it was after or before uh the hackathon period, it will automatically get disqualified during the screening phase. Uh so please submit as early as possible in order to be included. Uh, of course in this case I do want to mention that uh if you're targeting the nextG category that of course does not require an app store or Google play submission. So there uh that part does not apply to you but uh you do need to share uh an open- source uh public repo of your code uh and that needs to be so that you've submitted the code before the end of uh September 30th or when the hackathon ends officially. But yeah, so if we scroll down, we can see a little we can see this judging process uh traffic uh build window we don't have to cover that is essentially August 1st to September 30th. But then intake filtering. So as we get a lot of submissions, we have a way of of uh taking all those submissions and automatically screening them. Uh which of those are actually applicable which were released during the hackathon? Uh are they available in the US store? That's for example one requirement. So your app you can like release your app in your own market but it also has to be available in the US app store and US uh Google play store and Galaxy store and that is in order for us to test it uh at at some point if it's not available we will unfortunately have to disqualify because then we don't have any official way of testing the real app itself. Uh similarly, if you've failed to fill some of the fields or you're for example have not submitted actual app store URLs. So when you're putting those in uh please double check that you've added actual Google Play and Apple App Store and Galaxy Store links that work because we can't do the work uh of figuring out what's wrong with the URL or finding your app from the store. And similarly like like well yeah we we just don't have time for that and we won't be reaching out to you uh to ask if you've submitted the the correct URL if it's not working. So bay a lot of attention to that. Then there's one more additional requirement. So when you send a video that needs to be in one of the platforms that we support that is uh outlined in defost. So for example YouTube is allowed. I don't exactly remember the other platforms, but you need to include a video that is uh has at least uh well there's no requirement how long the video can be, but in the first two minutes of it, you have to go through uh certain things uh that you mentioned because the judges will be looking at that video. So, it's important to have the video, have it working, have it available uh in the deflow submission. Then if we take a look at the stage three the pre-screening uh so this happens after we've uh automatically filtered out the valid submissions from the all of the submissions that we get in defost and in during few days we don't have a lot of time we have revenue cap people uh going through all of the submissions and what they will pay attention to is few things first there's the video so as I said they will look at only the first two minutes of that video in order to uh see what the app is about and what categories it's targeting. So earlier on there was a question that should I uh strategize and target certain categories. Uh yes. Uh it is highly unlikely that you'll be able to target all of the categories cuz probably listing why your app should be included in the grand prize or public building in public or best game uh on top of every like and then also the sponsor categories for example in 2 minutes will take all of your time and then you don't have time to explain how your app works. So the two minutes we're going to send out official submission guidelines that what you should pay attention and mention in the two minutes. Uh but uh you should at least mention the categories you're targeting, what your app does, and how you've built it and how you've grown it during the uh shipon process itself. Growth in this case can just mean that when you when did you get it out, how did you come up with the idea. It doesn't necessarily have to mean like how you acquired users if you're not targeting for example the main price. Uh so judges it's worth calling out too here that like uh there is a written portion for all the categories. So like yeah you can still write a thing to make your case for lots of categories and you have some room to do that. Um but in the video you know those first two minutes are the only amount that the judges are required to watch. Um so if there's a specific category that you're really making the case for make sure it's in there. Um, but it doesn't mean you can't also go for other categories and be eligible for other categories. It's just Yeah. Uh, you're going to have it's going to be more effective if it's in that video as well. Exactly. Uh and if you write a very long description uh it can actually work uh against you because then there's just too much information for the judges to go through and notice that hey this app is actually very well designed uh or targeting the design category but also be surprise. Uh so those kind of things like focus on few categories uh per app I would say. So if you have an idea that you could build for another category, do that. That's of course allowed. You can submit multiple apps, but don't try to fit your app in all of the categories. There's also a special requirement. So when it comes to the influencer categories, you can only target one of them at a time. So you can't target two different influencers with your app. Uh you can of course target uh for example building public award or best game app uh best game category and a third influencer category. Uh but you can't have two influencer categories for example and targeting both of them. Uh earlier on there was also that is just a a logistical thing, right? Because yes, it doesn't make any sense that you would do that uh because they're literally specifically like categories that are defined uh or types of apps that are defined. And so if we let you pick multiple, it would just mean we'd have more work on our judges to like say, wait, this doesn't actually make sense for this one. So if you're doing an influencer one, you can only pick one. That's that that was already really true anyway in terms of the reality of the situation. So yeah, exactly. Uh what else? Uh those are the main things when it comes to the video and the description of of of tips and categories. There's a bunch of questions in defost. So fill those very thoroughly. Uh go through them. Don't just use AI to to answer uh for you those questions. Of course, you can use AI to fix your spelling and whatnot, but AI written text, fully AI written text is usually quite tedious uh and annoying to read. So, think about also respect the judg's time a little bit in this case. So, [snorts] yeah, I I would second that. uh like like any competition that you're taking part in, you should be thinking of the actual perspective of uh the judges and and what they're going through. Keep in mind they're go same as you're if you're submitting an app to app review, uh you should think about the judges perspective if you're writing in the notes. And in our case here, it's like if you have AI write up some really big long thing, nobody wants to read that when they've been reading hundreds of the not hundreds, but a whole bunch of these in a row. Um, yeah. And the other thing I'll say about AI, and I'm sure anybody here who's had to read anything that's publicly submitted, like applications or anything for work, uh, when you read AI generated answers to the same question over and over again, you start seeing the exact same patterns over and over again. So, a sentence that might sound completely like normal, uh, if a hundred people are submitting and using the same claude model to answer it, it's going to you're going to start seeing the exact same phrase over and over again and it's going to like give off this vibe of like, oh, this is AI generated. So, I would really recommend that you really take a run at writing these yourself and then let AI clean it up and do stuff like that's totally fine and that's understandable if you want it for grammar and everything, but uh I would not let it just wholesale write it for you based on an outline or something because you're you're going to it's going to be noticeable when you're in a sea of other people doing the same thing. Exactly. Uh yeah, so pay attention. uh produce good content so to say uh because that's the thing judges will be looking at. They'll be looking at the video and whatever you've written uh and also for example in the public building building public category they will be looking at you will we will ask you to for example share a few example posts uh of the building uh as examples of your building public journey. pay attention what you're sharing there. Uh they will uh have a big effect on on how judges understand your building public journey. Uh so once judges go through that they will rank your app in all of the categories that you're targeting uh from grade 1 to five and the highest graded apps we then put them in in an order and the top ones move to the judge scoring. So stage four. So, uh, once the pre-screening is done and all apps have been ranked, uh, we have judges. We haven't announced all of them yet in defost, but they'll show up there. Uh, we're not going to say who judges what category when we announce the judges, but they will be going through the top apps from their categories and they do do have the same requirements. So, they will watch 2 minutes and uh then the app description and most likely they will also download the app. neither in the pre-screening phase or in the judging phase itself. Uh the judges are not required to download the app and use it. Uh this one might come as a as a disappointment to some but there's a the reason for this is that revenue for example is an international company uh and judges can also be from around the world. It might be for example that you have not put the app for sale in the g in the country where the judge is using the app. So they could not even potentially test it. Uh and also it could end up taking a lot of time. So in the video specifically show how your app works. That's going to be the number one thing the judges and prescriers will be using to understand how how how the app works, what you've built and what makes it special. Uh and once judges give their scores on what works, we move to the winner selection. Uh so we will send the top uh top apps from the judging phase to all the sponsors for sponsors to pick their favorite apps. Uh similarly revenue does some picking on the main categories. Uh and that doesn't automatically mean that we'll pick the winners that have the highest points for example from these steps. Uh there might be bunch of reasons why we end up choosing someone else. uh that is on our sole discretion to to do the decision there. Uh but if you've done high like if you've done well during these stages and you get high points that usually means the order is not going to change as much. Uh and we're going to do uh specifically is the developer advocates at revenue who will actually at this point download every app test them see that they match what is in the video. So if you for example end up getting to be the finalist and and you've done that with a nice description of your app and a nice video but then your actual app doesn't do any of those things you will get disqualified as this stage. So it's not just about the video. It is actually about the app. Uh and we will go through all of the apps when they reach to this stage potentially even earlier because it is likely that pre-screening and judging stages when people are going through the uh different submissions they see some cool apps so they are interested in trying them. They just we can't just promise that they will go through all of the apps cuz it's a lot of apps to go through. Uh I think that's pretty much Have we covered everything? I think that I think that covers it. Yeah. Uh, and we have quite a lot of questions. So, uh, I think we should we should jump into that, uh, sooner rather than later. So, I'm going to stop that and uh, double check. Uh, yeah. Yeah, we don't need to show any graphic there. We can just start going through these. So, yeah. Um, I'm going to just work up here. So, uh, let's see. Progress Bites asked, uh, is it allowed or encouraged to use AI voiceovers for your demo video. So, I I can just answer this. I Yes, basically. Uh, I encouraged it's a classic engineering it depends answer. Um, what I would say is, you know, authenticity is like really effective in terms of video content, especially in the age of AI. So, if you have the capability to record yourself, um I would actually say that's probably more effective. But, um you know, if English isn't your first language or you're in an environment where it's really hard to to record audio that's like listenable or anything, um I I think that the AI voiceovers actually work really well. Um, and in fact, that was the first time we really saw AI take off in the shipons in the past was people using it for their videos. And the universal like response from all the judges was always like, "Oh, this is great." Um, it wasn't really seen as a negative. It does not dock you in in our eyes at all. Um, so that would be my answer there. It's definitely like totally fine and probably a really good idea for a lot of people to use, but it doesn't I wouldn't say like you should do that. Um because sometimes you holding a phone and just talking to it is you make a different type of connection and so that can actually be more effective. Um um okay let's Oh yeah. Do you have one you want to take? Uh you'll find one. I'll find one of the earlier ones that I wanted to go through. Okay. Uh so is there a minimum iOS version requirement? No. uh other than it needs to work on the current public version which assuming Apple doesn't completely change uh everything about how they've operated for the last like since iOS came out basically um will be iOS 28 right um so part of the reason why we structure the shipon around when we do is we go to the end of September so that we for sure will be after that new version of iOS comes out because a lot of people that are submitting to the shipan are going to be building it specifically speifically for the new version of iOS. And so that is definitely compatible. Um, but you can't require a beta version of iOS uh because you know the jud we can't guarantee that the judges will have access to that. So it needs to be the current version but that's the that's all that's required and it's the same for Android. Yeah, I would also do this. So for ins influencer apps are we allowed to use their brand names and images? Uh the answer is simply no. Uh it is actually spelled out in the shipathon rules that no use of like for marketing or in the app or in any way uh using the influencers likeness in in any way. So your app should stand on its own legs without the influencers brand in those categories. Of course, after you win, uh, that's a different game after you talk with the influencer themselves and and agree that that that's fine to do. But during the actual hackathon, no uses of any kind of the influencers likeness in in the apps or marketing. Uh, and there was a question already someone asked before that I can now find that are these that we cover now, the rules that we cover in this video are going to be written somewhere. Yes, those are all in defost. Uh there's both the judging criteria, so how each category that we have in this hackathon is judged, but also uh the very uh specific rule set concerning the hackathon and what is required for example from you during the submission process. Um so I can grab another one here. Uh so are mobile apps built with no code, low code, uh like power tools, app sheet, web flow, accepted and are they equally judged or are they categorized differently? So one of the things about the shipon again that's kind of unique compared to many is other than a couple specific categories, we do not care how you built it. That's not what this is about. This is about building something with whatever tools you have available and the product itself is what matters or the story of your journey of how you got there is what matters like in the case of building public. Um there are examples where it does like there's uh a cotlin multiplatform specific category where obviously you need to use cotlin multiplatform or or compose multiplatform. Um, but for the most part, other than some of those specific uh sponsor categories, uh, yeah, you can use whatever you want. That's kind of that's kind of the point. Uh, and in fact, that's one of the really exciting things about Chipeton in 2026 is the amount of people that are building their very first apps that aren't even engineers and don't have a background in this because they can do that with with a lot of these tools a lot easier. Exactly. Uh then this one you're you mentioned the first version uh what or after it's the app store we need to make the new build. Uh the way I'm understanding this is that uh the questions in general about the app version. So you can submit your app now. You can submit uh or like to review for Apple on the last week of shipon. What will be looked at during the pre-screening and testing phases is the video that we have of your app. So if you now for example submitted an app and doesn't have inapp purchases yet that's completely fine as long as the version uh at the end of the hackathon has inapp purchases and you show them in the video for example then it's then it's completely valid. Uh similarly if you end up making a new release of your app and it gets approved after uh your app is like goes through uh goes through the review process and the hackathon has of course ended already. Uh that doesn't really count. What we want to see in the video is your app uh that you've already released in the app store. you're running that version of the app and showing the features from that. Uh not for example from a test build which hasn't have the features because then for example in the final judging phase if you go through your app and it doesn't have the features that you show in the video we will unfortunately have to of course disqualify you because you're showing something that was not actually built during the uh or which we can't validate that it was built during the hackathon itself. Uh so yeah you can release as much many versions as possible as as you want. Uh just make sure that all the requirements that we have. So for example including revenue SDK in the app is satisfied when you submit the app to uh in defost or you submit your project in defost and you record the video of your app for the two-minute video. All right. Uh so this is actually an interesting one. So, does an iOS app have a better chance of winning than an Android app? Uh, I my first re reaction was just like, no, of course not. Like, that's not really important. But I did remember last year that there was a little bit of consternation at the the amount of apps that won that were iOS apps. And so, I think it's it's worth addressing. So, what we found last year was there was way more iOS apps submitted than Android apps. So it it can appear that iOS apps had a leg up in terms of uh winning, but in reality it was more related to, you know, the amount of apps that were submitted um uh from each category. So, no, it it I don't think that there's a better or worse chance other than the fact that there are there are categories specifically around uh like the the Samsung category for submitting to the Samsung Galaxy store that obviously is only going to go to an Android app because it can only go to an Android app. Um and then the the Cotlin multiplatform award also will go to an app that at least has an Android version, right? So, in some ways, being on Android maybe helps you stand out and you're eligible for a couple different prizes than than some of the iOS ones, but um but no, it should not like it's not uh a factor in terms of like we like iOS apps more than Android apps or something like that. No. Uh, and I would do want to call out like part of the reason why we cut less Android apps is that a lot of them did not get included because they for example did not pass the 14-day testing period uh during the hackathon time. So that's why we tell you to ship as often as soon as possible so that you don't run into that problem. For example, Apple does not have any kind of a requirement to have 14 days of testing for example from beta tester users. So, it's technically in some cases easier to get your app through the app store review process uh than Google Play because there's those kind of constraints don't exist. Uh and so yeah, so the best way to avoid that is ship as soon as possible. Uh this is a good one. Uh well, we can both answer this separately, but if you could give one piece of advice to maximize our score, what would it be? Um, so I'll start by probably stealing what you're going to say and then also giving a [snorts] second one because that's not the kind of guy I am. Uh, so, uh, so the first thing is don't overshoot, uh, basically what Pu was just saying, like don't don't try to cram in every single category to give yourself the most odds, but then not make a good case for any one of them individually. Um but within that I would say uh you know the judging like the people judging these are people. Uh this is not machines. Uh it's not based on a binary thing. And so anything having to do with people uh it's going to be about storytelling. And I said this a lot last year and I very much felt like it was true during the whole judging process last year and I think it's going to be true this year is the apps that stand out are the ones that can tell a good compelling narrative about their app related to that specific category. So if you're doing the build-in public category, it's not just did you make really good build-in public content. Um, there were apps that made really highly polished content that didn't win and there were apps that made not super highly polished content that did win. It was more about the story of, you know, why what was your process of building? How did building uh in public impact the way that you you ended up building your app? What were some stories about how it changed things or motivated you or whatever? Um, and think about that through all these different categories. Like tell a compelling story about uh what you're doing and you're going to go a lot farther than if you're just giving kind of dry facts. And then what's what's your answer? [laughter] Well, I was going to I was going to mention the storytelling part as well, but uh let's see. So easiest way to pick like like approach this is that whatever you're building your app it needs to solve a problem or address a need of someone. So when you're making the video when you're writing the description keep that in mind uh that okay I'm explaining this to the judges that this is what my app does this is who it's for and this is what makes it special. If you manage to tell those things really well, it's very easy to judge how well you did in in the different categories. Like if you tell that my app is good because of the design and these are the things about the design that really shine really high to give that's really easy to give you a high uh grade in the design award. Uh in games this is of course a little bit different. you can't there necessarily tell for example that whose problem you're solving because games rarely solve anyone's problems. Uh but instead what you should focus and and this is also in deaf post. What you should focus on there telling is that what makes your game uh special? What makes it great? What is the game loop? And if you manage to do that uh explain explain like why your game is interesting and fun which is going to be a little bit hard. Uh but usually the best way to do that is by showing uh your game in action instead of just telling about it or talking about it. That's also a good way to get pretty high grade in the the game category. So I would say that that's like formulated around that idea that okay these are the main categories that I'm targeting and here's the reasons why and that's how you tell the story of sorts also. And I think connected to that is zoom in on details. So like yeah like like you were just saying if you if you're talking about uh your app is beautifully designed and you show a bunch of screenshots and some video of how well it's designed. Uh that's going to be, you know, compelling and you can get a lot of information from looking at that. But if you instead of going like really wide and telling the broad story, if you say it's welldesigned and then you focus on like one or two specific anecdotes and you can say this has been applied all through the app, but here's an example of a small detail that I really focused on and you know how I honed it or whatever. Um that that can help you stand out quite a bit more than being more generic. Um cool. Uh let's see. So Francis says the app could be published only on one store or it must be published on both app store and play store. No, it it can be on just one. Um that is completely fine unless it's uh I think the only example is the Cotlin multiplatform award where it needs to be on both right. Um, I could be wrong on the specifics on that one, but yeah, obviously check the specific category rules, but unless it's specifically stated, uh, it is completely fine to be on just the Play Store or just the iOS store, just the Samsung Galaxy Store. Um, let's see. Is there any that we have missed? I see. Have you guys done a stream on how to utilize the Shipkit partners? We have a lot of live streams uh coming your way through this uh twice a week uh and so many of them will be with the shipkit partners um where we talk about these things. So yeah for sure that is that is coming down the line. Yeah. Uh this one I think is a good one. Can a game win the non-game categories? For example, design and help apps make more money. Definitely yes. So your game for example could have a very special or special is the wrong word I would say but very nice way of monetizing uh so therefore it of course becomes like uh valid for that award. Same goes for the advertising award in games if you want to use ads to monetize your app also a valid valid valid way to be eligible for that category. Uh yeah, and kind of related uh somebody said for the monetization categories, what counts as smart integration of Revnikat? Any tested examples that work better than others? So like I think the baseline for this one is it's not just a subscription with an annual on a monthly plan. Um so if you're using virtual currencies with uh uh consumable inapp purchases, that's already something a little different than kind of the norm. Um, if you're using uh advertising, obviously that's unique, but there's a there's a specific category for that one. And if it's just one of those, it's maybe less compelling. Um, what we're really looking for is like something that's kind of novel or more specific to your app or audience or just like uh unique or different. Uh, it's kind of an innovative idea. So, I believe the winner last year was was uh was one where, you know, it was it was actually like an app for the public good. And if you subscribed to it, a portion of your subscription would actually uh enable the app for free for people in a certain amount of people in a an area that was underprivileged and needed help from this app more. Um, and they built out a system to make this possible. They weren't just saying that. It was like an interesting monetization scheme kind of um and there wasn't anything technically super crazy about that, but it was totally unique. I'd never seen that before or heard of that and and that is what made it stand out. So really that's what we're we're kind of more interested in is like are you are you coming up with some sort of monetization scheme that is uh unique, novel, or just like extremely effective because of the way you constructed your app? Yeah, and I would also call out that doesn't even have to be subscriptions uh specifically how you monetize your app. So ads is of course one example, but uh for the peace price category uh the apps that you build there, it could be that for example, if it's for public good, you can't really have a subscription on it. So something like a tip jar is also applicable in that case. And if you come up with a very creative way of of using or building tip jars or or similar functionality, then that makes it also applicable for for like a creative way of monetizing your app. Uh and I can actually I like I can use one example from one of the apps that I'm going to be submitting for Shipaton, which is uh only going to be eligible for the conflict of interest award. But that app does not have any subscriptions. It only has lifetime purchases. uh but in different levels. So, it allows users to pay how much they want uh for a lifetime unlock from anything from $1 to $20. Uh and depending what they pay, they get a a membership card with a diff slightly different logo and slightly different graphics. And that's something that for example, good work. So, you're free to steal that idea for your app. Uh I I don't I hope that we don't see like hundreds of those now from that. I don't think it's the best way to monetize your app, but it's definitely something that is slightly out of the box. Even so, if I even if I say so myself. All right. Um so here's one. Are we going to be judged based on most revenue or acquired customers? Do you want to answer that one? Yeah. So this mostly applies for the main price uh the grand price category where we actually look at the revenue numbers uh but we do look at the customer amount as well uh like like how many [snorts] customers you have and how much money they're paying you and we actually what we do is based on the revenue we build a short list of the apps that we then judge in the final stage. Uh and this is because we know for example that it could be technically possible to if we were to just look at the raw numbers that someone just buys a lot of paid ac does a lot of bait acquisition and buys customers uh sells dollars for 10 cents or whatever uh in order to win that category. So we of course try want to avoid that. So that's why we're not looking just purely at the revenue numbers or the c amount of customers you have uh in your app in that category, but we're actually looking a bunch of other qualities. And also your app needs to be a good app. That's also one quality. Like if you have an app uh like [laughter] I am rich app, which sadly does not exist anymore, but if you had that and you had an one inapp purchase that cost $1 million and you had one customer buying that, uh making it the most profitable app of of Shipaton, uh at that point, you would not automatically be eligible to to win the grand prize just because of the revenue you've made. Well, and you wouldn't be growing, right? Uh, no. Exactly. [laughter] But yeah, so I guess the short answer though is like yes, kind of you will be judged based on those two specifically for the building grow award category, but not for other categories. Uh, like you know, if you're building in public, it is not relevant to that category how much money you actually made. That's not what it's about. Um, and that goes for a lot of the categories. So, uh, it is looked at for a couple of them, but not for most. Yeah. Um, let's see. We are over time, but is there any here for sure that we want to get to? I'll say while you're looking, uh, [clears throat] we do have an FAQ this year on the website. So, definitely check that out. It has a search, um, and we've been adding to it as we get lots of the same questions, um, you know, based on these. So check that out if you have questions. Also go into the Discord and ask questions there. Um we have a team of people who are working tirelessly to keep up with those and uh try to make sure we're getting you answers in a timely manner. So that's another way to do it. And then we're doing these live streams uh constantly twice a week throughout the whole thing. Uh so you can come to the next one and bring more questions. We'll always have some Q&A time um to help answer these questions or questions related to the topic that we're talking about obviously as well. And what do you see there? Anything uh anything we want to call out here before we wrap up? Yeah, I would call out this one. So, oh wait, I was going to have a free promo for when my app comes out so I wouldn't have revenue during the window. I guess I have to rethink that. So if you want to have your app available for free, uh I would suggest going with the tip jar route or having uh one way you could do this also is just to have a very lengthy trial period. So during Shipathon, if you have an app that has a trial of two months, that's of course allowed. Then everyone who's using your app during Shipathon is is going to be using it for free. You're not going to be making any revenue, but your app is technically available for free. Uh and that's completely valid. But you do need to integrate revenue and also ads is one of the ways you can do that also. Uh you can add revenue ads show some ads in your app and that is that is still allowed and technically you're not having subscriptions for example directly or not technically but you're not having subscriptions in your app and you don't even have to have because there are multiple ways of monetizing your app or driven cat. Yeah. And I I don't know exactly when that question came in because I feel like it could be referencing two different things. So, one could be the requirement to have the Revnikat SDK, uh, which is kind of what you were alluding to. And I would say also like if you're wanting a free promo period during Shipon, you could also use uh promo codes, which like you can do in the app stores. Um, so that it's like free for people that are participating in the shipon and find your thing, but like it still has monetization, you know, if somebody just finds it randomly on the app store. Um, but then the other question was uh or the other thing was related to the building and grow award where we were saying we're looking at revenue. I don't know if that's when the question came in. Um, and in that case, you would just have to make the choice I guess like uh of whether that's a category that you care about. Um, although if you had some successful scheme that got your downloads so insanely high because it was free and you told a compelling enough story about how you're going to use that to catapult the app forward, which is actually a strategy that some people employ. Um, you know, that's actually not the worst idea, but it would have to work and probably by the time we're judging, you might want to flip the the dial to the make money dial and be able to tell that it's kind of working. uh if if you want to really compete in that category. But that would actually be really interesting. I think that's I think we've covered most of the questions uh or most of the topics have been covered now. Uh and if you can like if you did not get your question answered uh tag me or Charlie in Twitter or whatever, send us a LinkedIn message, whatever it is, uh we will answer you and and defose is also deboards over Discord. That's probably the easiest way. There's a bunch of people who will be able to answer your question when it comes to the rules. Awesome. All right. Well, thank you everybody. Uh very fun to to get the first one of these out. Um it's I I'll just say it we've been working on this uh for what feels like forever. I know P2 has been in the the deep depths of making rules and building systems to deal with the massive load of people, but it's very weird when you're working on this for a long time and it's like theoretical. Uh and even before we technically launched uh on on Saturday, the moment people started building in public and you saw that creative frenetic energy that you all bring, uh immediately it went from like this overly stressful project to ah this is the best time of the year. Uh so thank you all like so much for all the stuff that you guys are making. It really it really makes this uh feel like it's actually worth all the work. [laughter] And so, uh, I I really appreciate what you guys are all doing and hopefully, uh, these are useful for you all. And please, you know, give us feedback, tell us what you think, uh, everywhere on the internet. And, and of course, share it with your friends. Bring more people into the fold because the more people involved, the more fun this is, I think, for everybody. Cool. All right. Well, uh, our next one will be on Thursday. And, uh, we'll see you all then. Bye. See you. We are live. I already see people uh in the chat. So that's exciting. All right. Uh so uh normally when we kick these off, we give people, you know, a couple minutes to come in. And normally I ask you, uh the question everybody really wants to know, which is what's the weather like uh over there? But let's just start really quick with where are you and what's the weather like there? You asking me or the chat? I'm ask Well, I'm asking you. I'm in the chat too if [laughter] people want to if people want to tell us. Yeah. Uh I'm in Netherlands and the weather is quite warm. Uh this is one of those weeks that would be called uh a heat wave here in Europe. Uh but in in US, this is this is totally manageable weather. But when you Yeah. When you live in a continent that hasn't discovered air conditioning yet, uh these weeks can be very very warm. Uh so yeah, if you start see me start sweating midway through the this live thing, it's not because something went wrong. It's just I'm slowly cooking here in this room. [laughter] Uh, and I am I'm coming uh to you all from uh Japan. So, it is the middle of the night here. Uh, which means you're getting, you know, uh, Charlie after dark a little uh, maybe loopy, which I think I think makes these a little more exciting if I'm being honest. So, I think it's going to be I think it's going to be a fun one. Um, so I see we got somebody from DC. Uh, DC saying it's kind of hot but not too bad. I assume means it's like swamp weather with, you know, intense humidity and uh very very warm compared to Amsterdam. That would be my guess. All right, so let's kick it off. You ready to go? I'm ready. All right, so uh welcome to the first uh Shipon 2026 live stream. Um, this is kind of going to be like an overview of the shipon itself. We're going to talk specifically about like the judging process a little bit. Um, but the most important thing here is it's live. It's a live stream. This is not just a recording of me and Peru uh talking that we're going to share. So, uh, if you're here and you're listening, like ask questions. We're going to have I'll share a link here in a second uh to our Discord. You can ask questions in there. You can ask questions on YouTube. um and those will show up and we're going to bring those in and we're going to try and answer them live as we're going because again that's the entire point of this. So please uh engage and we'll we'll engage back. Uh so let's start by talking about who we are. So start uh I'm Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revenue Cats and the self-proclaimed uh captain of the shipon. Um and Perto, do you want to introduce yourself? Yeah. Yeah. Perto uh also a developer advocate here here at RevenueCad and I'm I'm not the captain of anything but I do take care of the judging process uh quite thoroughly. Uh and I've been quite busy last week when we were getting everything ready to kick off and I'm going to be even busier as as Shipon concludes and we have to judge possibly thousands of apps. So [snorts] yeah, it's a tall order and uh I'm very ha glad to have you this year uh to to help with the logistics [laughter] of that because it's it's quite intense uh you might say. So uh like I said, this is very interactive. So please please please ask questions. Uh this right here is a link to our Discord. There's a channel called Shipaton-livestreams. Uh you can ask questions in there. Like I said, if you're on YouTube also, please, you know, leave comments, ask questions there, and we'll try and answer them as we go. And then we'll have kind of like time at the end for just a standard kind of Q&A as well. All right. So, I like to uh start these by doing community shoutouts for all the people that are building in public. Uh and as you can see here, I got a little excited uh whenever I was preparing for this because it's been weeks uh with not having live streams to like showcase people that have been making content online and people are already just making so much stuff. It's crazy. go to your social media app of choice and search shipon and you're going to see all sorts of crazy inspiring uh stuff and people that you should definitely follow along in their journey and encourage um and also places where you can you know post your own. So I just wanted to call out a couple of these. I'll try to go through them quick here but you can see uh Caric here is uh I don't know if you can see my mouse but he's got a uh really cool like animation for his app that he's been working on. Um, Shako here. Uh, I loved this because this is near and dear to my heart. Uh, it looks like she's doing a bunch of UGC content and was talking about how her camera roll is filled with awkward uh, photos of her face because it's the beginning of all these videos and I can definitely relate uh, having made a lot of that stuff myself. Uh, Anna is on Instagram making a bunch of cool stuff. Uh PK is on Twitter making a bunch of cool videos talking about uh app store review times being slow, which I think uh a lot of you can probably relate to right now. Uh Aziz uh talked about how he's trying to descope and actually like get an MVP out and uh figure out what where the actual value is so he can ship. Definitely something uh a lot of you probably relate to. And then let's see on YouTube uh Nathan who is that Nathan? Yeah, that's the same Nathan I think that I saw in the chat earlier. Uh Nathan was uh is doing live streams of his development on YouTube. And then Neil has been building a game that reminds me a lot of F-Zero, which is a game I really liked, or Wipeout. Um but he's making a game and uh competing in our new game category, which has been very very fun to watch. In fact, there's a lot of games I've already seen uh people building, which is which has been pretty fun. Um, and then uh Oh, yeah. Sorry. Go ahead. No, no. I was going to say that I I love the uh how many games we're already seeing. Uh it's turning out to be like a surprisingly popular category. I wasn't expecting that. I thought that uh or like I expect some amount, but it seems like it's going to be like almost the most popular category in a way, at least when it comes to building public uh stuff. So, it's pretty cool. I think that's going to be especially challenging for uh our judging process because I'm afraid those are going to be [laughter] addicting and people might spend a little too much time uh you know playing them and not moving on to judge. So that that might be a unique challenge for this year. Um and then also uh our shipon IRL events. So these are uh in-person events happening all over the world with uh local you know development builder communities and there's already been a bunch that have happened. So, uh, obviously I'm in Japan here, so we've been doing some stuff with RavenCat specifically. We have a cat fay we've been running. There was a a big kickoff party, uh, on Friday, but then also uh, App Builders PH in Manila had an event. Uh, in Vancouver, there was a core coffee event. There's been one in New York. Um, so it's been really fun, uh, seeing these events and people already getting together and having fun with all the Revnikat swag we're sending around and mostly just encouraging and, you know, having fun together and, uh, inspiring each other. And then, uh, there's a whole bunch of events coming up. Uh, it used, I think last year I always had like three of these and then it kind of got a little bit crowded, but already this is getting to where I'm not going to go through and list all of them because it's crazy. Uh, but I'll always have these up here for the ones coming up. I highly highly recommend going to the shipathon.com website and going to the events page. Um, you can sort them by your location and see which ones are kind of in your area. Um, but it's increasingly likely that there's one uh close to you that you can you can go to and meet other people that are that are participating in the shipon. So, uh, definitely definitely check that out. Um, and then thank you, uh, as I will always say to all of our sponsors. So, you see our prize pool is insane this year, and that is, uh, in large part because of all these sponsors that have been helping us out. Um, also, all the discounts that they're giving out as part of the ship kit are coming from them. So, big big thanks to all the sponsors, uh, for helping make this year's Shipathon insanely big. All right. So, uh I'm just going to do a quick kind of overview of the shipon. I know most of you probably know the details, but I just kind of want to talk through it uh based on where we're at now because it's kind of an ever growing evolving thing. Uh and so it's good to just kind of go through that. But before I do, I just want to make sure uh you all we're answering any questions. So, has there been any questions, Pu? I know you've been monitoring in the chat uh that I Yeah, there's been one about the Yeah, one about suching process. So, would it make any difference to the judging if someone submitted two or more projects? Uh, we'll be going to be covering that a little bit later on, but that's the only question so far. But, uh, keep sending them. I'll keep track of them and we'll try to cover most of them during the judging part uh when we go through how judging works and shipon. Awesome. All right. So, Shipaton, uh, it's, you know, going from August 1st, which we're in it now, through the end of September. And the idea is you need to ship the very first version of an app into one of the app stores. That's Apple's App Store, the Google Play Store, or new this year, the Samsung Galaxy Store. And that has to be shipped during that window. And the first version of it has to be shipped during then. Uh, we get a lot of questions about like, you know, if I do a major new feature, does that count? That does not. Uh, if I port an app from, you know, Android to iOS or iOS to Android or an Android app over to the from the Play Store, over to the Samsung Galaxy Store, it need it does need to be a new app. However, there is one small caveat there, which is if you have a web app currently, uh, that is okay. like a web app will not if there was a web app that already was out before your mobile app came out. Um that's okay. As long as the very first mobile app came out during the window, then you're good there. Um and then the last requirement, main requirement here is that it needs to use the RevenueCat SDK for some kind of monetization. So that can be an inapp purchase, a subscription, or we have an ads product now. And in fact, we have a whole category dedicated to integrating ads into your app. So that can work as well. Um the prizes, again, you've probably seen most of these, but there is a large uh cash prize. It's over $700,000. Uh currently, um we get a lot of questions about this because it is a little confusing the way that DevPost shows these, but uh the the cash prizes are actually a little bit bigger than what you see on DevPost now. And more sponsors have been being added, so it actually is increasing. And we'll like announce that more publicly whenever it happens. But those numbers are actually even getting bigger than this uh as we go. And so that's why those numbers are a little confusing as you look at them. Um and then uh the first place winners in in all the categories will be featured on a gigantic billboard in Times Square in New York City. Um we have trophies. You can see a picture of one of them there. Uh insanely high quality trophies that come in this crazy like metal case. Um and those are called the shippies. and we'll be handing those out at our new this year red carpet shippies award show. Uh more details on that uh coming in the future too, but that is going to be wild. Um and that's also in New York. Um and then you'll get a ticket to the App Growth annual conference which is Revenue Cat's conference for app builders and app companies uh trying to grow you know their business. Um and then another new thing this year is uh press coverage. So we have uh sponsored posts that will be going live on 9 to5 Mac and 9to5 Google to announce all the winners. Um which you know from personal experience uh with my own indie apps I've found that specifically 9 to5 Mac and Google are very like actually uh uh what's the word I'm looking for productive in terms of like getting users to download. They're readership is a readership that's very interested in apps just in the concept of them. So, uh, we thought that would be kind of a fun, it's kind of a fun counterpart to the billboards, which are big and flashy, but like very broadly targeted to just everybody. And then it would be fun to have kind of a less big and flashy, but actually way more targeted to people that are more likely to, you know, download and and become subscribers to your app. So, that was kind of a fun idea that we're doing this year. Um and then we have uh uh the shipon growth fund this year which you'll get exposure to that group and they will consider you know your apps uh to be part of that fund. All right. Uh so another thing which we haven't talked a whole lot about is the shipon sale. So uh you probably know about the ship kit which is a bunch of discounts that you get from our sponsors whenever you sign up and those are exclusive and a lot more limited in terms of how many uh we can give out. But the shipon sale is a way for anybody in the community that runs a service or builds a tool for app builders. They can run some kind of sale and they can use the hashtag shippetonale and promote it, you know, across the internet. But we also have a page on our site uh that is shippon.com/shippeton-sale. And if you go there right now, I think I was counting this morning I added a couple more. There's over 25 uh different apps that are running sales for shipon builders. Uh so definitely check that one out as well because again it's even more uh discounts and deals that you can find uh during the shipon. All right, so let's talk about the categories. So I'm not going to make you listen to every single category that we have here. Um but like I said, we're here to answer questions. So if you have questions about specific categories, please please ask them here. Um, but I did want to call out that there are more categories than we originally announced and way more than we had last year. Um, and I wanted to kind of go through those. So, you can see this is a screenshot from our website. Um, which actually I could just pull it up here because this is a live stream. We can do stuff like this. Uh, let's see. I'm going to go home. So, if I go down to the category section, make window a little bigger so it's easier to see. You can see uh we have our grand prize and our build-in public award. These are kind of the the two big ones, same as what we had last year. And then there's these different tabs with other categories. So the core awards are kind of the main categories similar to what we had last year. There's a couple new ones like the best game award and the cat advertising award. Um but then there's also this influencer awards tab and sponsored categories tab. So actually I'll talk about sponsored categories quick because this one's a little easier to explain. So these are similar to last year we had a couple categories that were from sponsors. Um and this year we can see we have quite a bit more. So these are specific categories that our sponsors have uh have brought in and brought cash prizes for themselves. Um and it just adds more ways for you to win and you can target uh their rules. And each one of these you can click on and see, you know, the details for what the requirements are for this one, what the judges are looking for, etc. Uh, so the sponsor categories are very similar to the core awards, but they were obviously coming from our sponsors. And then the in awards Oh, yep. Yeah. Before you continue, you're still showing the uh influencer categories. So Oh, you can't Oh, it's not showing. It didn't It's showing my tab. Dang. Yeah. Uh that's okay. Uh well, let's see if I can if you just take the second slide, we can actually see it from there. So this is what I was just talking about the sponsored categories. Uh which is like I said, you can you can click on any of these and you'll see all the details um for uh what the requirements are and everything for that. And then if you click on the influencer awards tab, you'll see these new categories. So, some of you may have participated in a contest that we ran earlier this year that wasn't shippeton related called the shipyard. Um, and this is basically taking the ideas from that and bringing it into the shipon. So, the idea of the influencer awards is a lot of people come to the shipon and they want to build something, but they don't already have an idea and they don't have an audience that they want to be building for because they're not exactly sure what they want to build. So, what we did is we went out to a bunch of influencers in a bunch of different categories. Uh, so you can see there's like a a healthy like nutrition influencer. Here's a productivity kind of tech influencer, a fitness influencer, yoga and fitness right here. Um, and these are people who they're not like app builders or anything like that. They just are people that have an audience um that they create content for right now. and we asked them if they had an idea for an app that they think that their audience would be really interested in um and they would like to talk about, you know, to their audience. And so they basically came up with a category that's already pre-et [snorts] audience. Um and they again, you can click on these and see the details. They all have videos as well explaining these. Um, and this is a great way if you don't already know what you want to build to kind of kickstart building for somebody else already. Um, and included in those pages is not only the the category like the the type of app that they want, but there's also like demographic data about their audience. So, you can see if it's, you know, mostly women between these ages in these regions. Um, and you can kind of tune and build your apps specifically for an audience that already exists, which I think is like a really neat uh new interesting thing that we're doing this year. Um, all right. So, is there any questions that have popped up that we should answer before we get to the like judging process uh section here? Yeah. So, I would take this one. Uh, let's see if I can get it to show this one. So do we need to be in teams or do we submit individually? Uh that is up to you. You can either form a team or you can submit by yourself. Uh so both are allowed. That was one question. And then another one that I would also cover. Are AI apps allowed? I'm not sure if this uh covers apps like that incorporate AI or are built with AI, but both both are completely uh valid apps. If we if we weren't allowing either of those, uh this would be uh uh an empty competition in the year 2026, I think. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Uh we allow more than just purely artisal handcoded apps uh in this competition. Definitely. uh and I would recommend uh using it uh both in your app for features and obviously for the actual development itself uh at this stage. Uh although you know if you're handcrafting everything I'd be very interested uh to see how you you know go about doing that. That would be that would be kind of a fun challenge. Exactly. Um and then I thought there was one more. Did I not see another one in there? Oh, can we submit multiple apps? Yeah. And yeah, that is allowed. Multiple apps, uh, they have to be separate submissions. So, a new submission in defost if you have a different app. So, don't put two apps in in the same submission. Uh, unless they're of course like if you're building for iOS and Android, the app is for two platforms. Do include that. Do don't make those the same app than on two different platforms. for example, two different submissions. But if it's a completely different app, prefer multiple or don't just prefer, but actually do multiple death submissions for different apps. Cool. All right, those are the ones I saw. Are you're you're tracking uh Discord as well, is that correct? Yeah. Yeah. No questions there yet. Okay. Oh, we got one more here. So if I submit version one in August and release a major update in September, is that allowed? Uh yes. Yeah. Yeah. So the that that is actually an interesting kind of nuance to all this. So uh like we said, the the first version of your app has to be released during the window in August or September. Um but we aren't judging the first version. we're judging uh based on what the app looks like when we get to the judging period um after September 30th, right? 30th, not 31st. Um so absolutely you can and should ship your MVP as soon as you can and then start building from there for two reasons. Uh one is because app review takes a very long time. uh and it seems to be increasingly taking a longer time uh as the days go on. So the sooner you can get it submit, the sooner you're in the store and you're like good to go. Um but the other big reason for that is there the grand prize is called the build and grow award and that is actually specifically about building and growing the app after you released it. Um, so you know the shipon is very different than a normal hackathon for lots of different reasons, but this is one of the big reasons and it's because it's about for certain categories anyway building and growing a business, not just creating a hack project and that you then kind of throw out. It's like you you have to get it out into the world and then do something with that. And so the build and grow award is all about that followth through. And in order to do that, you want to ship earlier and then grow it. And so ways you can grow it obviously are on the marketing side, but also bringing in feedback from your users, creating features that you know spark more organic growth or viral growth or whatever it is, however you are building your app. Um, so yeah, that is definitely allowed and and definitely encouraged in fact. All right, let's see. Looks like we're getting a bunch of questions in here now. Um yeah, let's let's go ahead and go through the judging process and then we'll come back to these. Uh unless there's something you think that we need to jump on right away here. No, I will try to remember these and and go through answer most of these during when we talk about the judging. So, perfect. Okay. So, let's talk about how we judge the ship. So, uh, I'm mostly going to hand this over to you, but what I am going to do is tell everybody they should go check out, uh, a blog post that Perthu wrote, um, about how we judge the Shipeton. So, it's like like so many things with this hackathon, it's different and a little bit weird and way bigger than a normal hackathon. And so, our judging process is pretty complicated and a little odd. And it's something that, uh, you should keep in mind obviously if you're competing for something. So, um, I would use this as a resource. We wrote this so that people have a little bit more understanding of, you know, how we're doing this judging and that's also why we're talking about it here. So, I would recommend checking this out and I'm actually going to pull I'll pull this up while you're talking uh so that if you're wanting to show some of the little graphics or something, I can I can do that live. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's start covering from from the very top, I guess. Uh if you can show the article. That's what I'm attempting to do. Okay. [laughter] All right. Oh, yeah. That was still the slideshow. I thought that you were already sharing the the the screen. Uh but a little bit about the judging. So, so the blog post that I've written covers uh the judging process and some of the data that we had from last year uh how we did last year's judging. We're pretty much going to have the same judging process uh this year uh with some minor alterations. For example, some categories have specific needs. for example, the nextG category uh where you have different requirements and therefore we also have to do a different different way of of judging the apps. uh but to start with so when when Shipaton runs we get a lot of uh people working on projects and we get a lot of submissions and when things conclude on October or September 30th we're left with uh potentially this year we're expecting higher number but potentially thousands of app submissions and we have to go through those in a little bit less than two weeks in order to get the winners uh be able to send the invites uh for the main prize winner and also the bill in public winner because they're we're going to fly them to New York to take part in the shippies. The other category winners also get invitations but we don't arrange travel for those. But in order to that to happen happen we of course need to have the winners before that shipies awards uh ceremony happen so that people can actually make it uh and can arrange their travel if they want to uh receive the trophy in in person. So we're under a very tight schedule uh in order to get everything judged before that. And in the blog post if you scroll down a bit you can see like some of the numbers from from previous years. Uh I uh this one but also like the timeline for Yes. Uh so in this we've collected a little bit like how people when people usually submit their project. You can see that we get a massive uh like spike in submissions all my always towards the end of shipathon and actually like 25% of last year's apps were submitted in the last three days when the hackathon was open. Uh and I take this opportunity I'll interrupt you here and just I'm going to hound on this a lot but especially early on is ship it early. Like I know lots of people are going to ship it right up to the end. Uh even last year when we weren't having all these like app store delays in terms of review times. Uh it it slows down especially when so many people are participating. Uh you know there's a good chance and there's a chance that even last year that the shipon itself was slowing down app review because the amount of people that were that were shipping. Uh and so the earlier you can get it the less you're going to have to deal with that. We had so many people that were very frustrated because, you know, they submitted their app uh even maybe a couple days before the end, but it just got stuck in review and, you know, they missed out on that deadline. Um, and this is especially true if you're on Android and you're on a new developer account because there's a bunch of specific requirements there in terms of uh how long you have to be in beta testing and you even have to get some beta testers um which we have a Discord channel to help you with that um if you have questions there. But yeah, I I just want to hammer that uh home again here which is like ship early, get it in the store sooner rather than later. You can always do updates and in fact you probably should be doing updates anyway. So, get it out there. All right, I'll stop interrupting. Yeah, I was I was going to say the exact same thing that like submit as early as possible. Uh like we got a lot of submissions last year and a lot of submissions got disqualified just for the fact that the app was not released during the review or during the period of the hackathon. So for example, if your app becomes available on uh October 1st, it will not get included in the judging. So we we will always when we c when we go through the submissions, we will check when the app was released and if it was after or before uh the hackathon period, it will automatically get disqualified during the screening phase. Uh so please submit as early as possible in order to be included. Uh, of course in this case I do want to mention that uh if you're targeting the nextG category that of course does not require an app store or Google play submission. So there uh that part does not apply to you but uh you do need to share uh an open- source uh public repo of your code uh and that needs to be so that you've submitted the code before the end of uh September 30th or when the hackathon ends officially. But yeah, so if we scroll down, we can see a little we can see this judging process uh traffic uh build window we don't have to cover that is essentially August 1st to September 30th. But then intake filtering. So as we get a lot of submissions, we have a way of of uh taking all those submissions and automatically screening them. Uh which of those are actually applicable which were released during the hackathon? Uh are they available in the US store? That's for example one requirement. So your app you can like release your app in your own market but it also has to be available in the US app store and US uh Google play store and Galaxy store and that is in order for us to test it uh at at some point if it's not available we will unfortunately have to disqualify because then we don't have any official way of testing the real app itself. Uh similarly, if you've failed to fill some of the fields or you're for example have not submitted actual app store URLs. So when you're putting those in uh please double check that you've added actual Google Play and Apple App Store and Galaxy Store links that work because we can't do the work uh of figuring out what's wrong with the URL or finding your app from the store. And similarly like like well yeah we we just don't have time for that and we won't be reaching out to you uh to ask if you've submitted the the correct URL if it's not working. So bay a lot of attention to that. Then there's one more additional requirement. So when you send a video that needs to be in one of the platforms that we support that is uh outlined in defost. So for example YouTube is allowed. I don't exactly remember the other platforms, but you need to include a video that is uh has at least uh well there's no requirement how long the video can be, but in the first two minutes of it, you have to go through uh certain things uh that you mentioned because the judges will be looking at that video. So, it's important to have the video, have it working, have it available uh in the deflow submission. Then if we take a look at the stage three the pre-screening uh so this happens after we've uh automatically filtered out the valid submissions from the all of the submissions that we get in defost and in during few days we don't have a lot of time we have revenue cap people uh going through all of the submissions and what they will pay attention to is few things first there's the video so as I said they will look at only the first two minutes of that video in order to uh see what the app is about and what categories it's targeting. So earlier on there was a question that should I uh strategize and target certain categories. Uh yes. Uh it is highly unlikely that you'll be able to target all of the categories cuz probably listing why your app should be included in the grand prize or public building in public or best game uh on top of every like and then also the sponsor categories for example in 2 minutes will take all of your time and then you don't have time to explain how your app works. So the two minutes we're going to send out official submission guidelines that what you should pay attention and mention in the two minutes. Uh but uh you should at least mention the categories you're targeting, what your app does, and how you've built it and how you've grown it during the uh shipon process itself. Growth in this case can just mean that when you when did you get it out, how did you come up with the idea. It doesn't necessarily have to mean like how you acquired users if you're not targeting for example the main price. Uh so judges it's worth calling out too here that like uh there is a written portion for all the categories. So like yeah you can still write a thing to make your case for lots of categories and you have some room to do that. Um but in the video you know those first two minutes are the only amount that the judges are required to watch. Um so if there's a specific category that you're really making the case for make sure it's in there. Um, but it doesn't mean you can't also go for other categories and be eligible for other categories. It's just Yeah. Uh, you're going to have it's going to be more effective if it's in that video as well. Exactly. Uh and if you write a very long description uh it can actually work uh against you because then there's just too much information for the judges to go through and notice that hey this app is actually very well designed uh or targeting the design category but also be surprise. Uh so those kind of things like focus on few categories uh per app I would say. So if you have an idea that you could build for another category, do that. That's of course allowed. You can submit multiple apps, but don't try to fit your app in all of the categories. There's also a special requirement. So when it comes to the influencer categories, you can only target one of them at a time. So you can't target two different influencers with your app. Uh you can of course target uh for example building public award or best game app uh best game category and a third influencer category. Uh but you can't have two influencer categories for example and targeting both of them. Uh earlier on there was also that is just a a logistical thing, right? Because yes, it doesn't make any sense that you would do that uh because they're literally specifically like categories that are defined uh or types of apps that are defined. And so if we let you pick multiple, it would just mean we'd have more work on our judges to like say, wait, this doesn't actually make sense for this one. So if you're doing an influencer one, you can only pick one. That's that that was already really true anyway in terms of the reality of the situation. So yeah, exactly. Uh what else? Uh those are the main things when it comes to the video and the description of of of tips and categories. There's a bunch of questions in defost. So fill those very thoroughly. Uh go through them. Don't just use AI to to answer uh for you those questions. Of course, you can use AI to fix your spelling and whatnot, but AI written text, fully AI written text is usually quite tedious uh and annoying to read. So, think about also respect the judg's time a little bit in this case. So, [snorts] yeah, I I would second that. uh like like any competition that you're taking part in, you should be thinking of the actual perspective of uh the judges and and what they're going through. Keep in mind they're go same as you're if you're submitting an app to app review, uh you should think about the judges perspective if you're writing in the notes. And in our case here, it's like if you have AI write up some really big long thing, nobody wants to read that when they've been reading hundreds of the not hundreds, but a whole bunch of these in a row. Um, yeah. And the other thing I'll say about AI, and I'm sure anybody here who's had to read anything that's publicly submitted, like applications or anything for work, uh, when you read AI generated answers to the same question over and over again, you start seeing the exact same patterns over and over again. So, a sentence that might sound completely like normal, uh, if a hundred people are submitting and using the same claude model to answer it, it's going to you're going to start seeing the exact same phrase over and over again and it's going to like give off this vibe of like, oh, this is AI generated. So, I would really recommend that you really take a run at writing these yourself and then let AI clean it up and do stuff like that's totally fine and that's understandable if you want it for grammar and everything, but uh I would not let it just wholesale write it for you based on an outline or something because you're you're going to it's going to be noticeable when you're in a sea of other people doing the same thing. Exactly. Uh yeah, so pay attention. uh produce good content so to say uh because that's the thing judges will be looking at. They'll be looking at the video and whatever you've written uh and also for example in the public building building public category they will be looking at you will we will ask you to for example share a few example posts uh of the building uh as examples of your building public journey. pay attention what you're sharing there. Uh they will uh have a big effect on on how judges understand your building public journey. Uh so once judges go through that they will rank your app in all of the categories that you're targeting uh from grade 1 to five and the highest graded apps we then put them in in an order and the top ones move to the judge scoring. So stage four. So, uh, once the pre-screening is done and all apps have been ranked, uh, we have judges. We haven't announced all of them yet in defost, but they'll show up there. Uh, we're not going to say who judges what category when we announce the judges, but they will be going through the top apps from their categories and they do do have the same requirements. So, they will watch 2 minutes and uh then the app description and most likely they will also download the app. neither in the pre-screening phase or in the judging phase itself. Uh the judges are not required to download the app and use it. Uh this one might come as a as a disappointment to some but there's a the reason for this is that revenue for example is an international company uh and judges can also be from around the world. It might be for example that you have not put the app for sale in the g in the country where the judge is using the app. So they could not even potentially test it. Uh and also it could end up taking a lot of time. So in the video specifically show how your app works. That's going to be the number one thing the judges and prescriers will be using to understand how how how the app works, what you've built and what makes it special. Uh and once judges give their scores on what works, we move to the winner selection. Uh so we will send the top uh top apps from the judging phase to all the sponsors for sponsors to pick their favorite apps. Uh similarly revenue does some picking on the main categories. Uh and that doesn't automatically mean that we'll pick the winners that have the highest points for example from these steps. Uh there might be bunch of reasons why we end up choosing someone else. uh that is on our sole discretion to to do the decision there. Uh but if you've done high like if you've done well during these stages and you get high points that usually means the order is not going to change as much. Uh and we're going to do uh specifically is the developer advocates at revenue who will actually at this point download every app test them see that they match what is in the video. So if you for example end up getting to be the finalist and and you've done that with a nice description of your app and a nice video but then your actual app doesn't do any of those things you will get disqualified as this stage. So it's not just about the video. It is actually about the app. Uh and we will go through all of the apps when they reach to this stage potentially even earlier because it is likely that pre-screening and judging stages when people are going through the uh different submissions they see some cool apps so they are interested in trying them. They just we can't just promise that they will go through all of the apps cuz it's a lot of apps to go through. Uh I think that's pretty much Have we covered everything? I think that I think that covers it. Yeah. Uh, and we have quite a lot of questions. So, uh, I think we should we should jump into that, uh, sooner rather than later. So, I'm going to stop that and uh, double check. Uh, yeah. Yeah, we don't need to show any graphic there. We can just start going through these. So, yeah. Um, I'm going to just work up here. So, uh, let's see. Progress Bites asked, uh, is it allowed or encouraged to use AI voiceovers for your demo video. So, I I can just answer this. I Yes, basically. Uh, I encouraged it's a classic engineering it depends answer. Um, what I would say is, you know, authenticity is like really effective in terms of video content, especially in the age of AI. So, if you have the capability to record yourself, um I would actually say that's probably more effective. But, um you know, if English isn't your first language or you're in an environment where it's really hard to to record audio that's like listenable or anything, um I I think that the AI voiceovers actually work really well. Um, and in fact, that was the first time we really saw AI take off in the shipons in the past was people using it for their videos. And the universal like response from all the judges was always like, "Oh, this is great." Um, it wasn't really seen as a negative. It does not dock you in in our eyes at all. Um, so that would be my answer there. It's definitely like totally fine and probably a really good idea for a lot of people to use, but it doesn't I wouldn't say like you should do that. Um because sometimes you holding a phone and just talking to it is you make a different type of connection and so that can actually be more effective. Um um okay let's Oh yeah. Do you have one you want to take? Uh you'll find one. I'll find one of the earlier ones that I wanted to go through. Okay. Uh so is there a minimum iOS version requirement? No. uh other than it needs to work on the current public version which assuming Apple doesn't completely change uh everything about how they've operated for the last like since iOS came out basically um will be iOS 28 right um so part of the reason why we structure the shipon around when we do is we go to the end of September so that we for sure will be after that new version of iOS comes out because a lot of people that are submitting to the shipan are going to be building it specifically speifically for the new version of iOS. And so that is definitely compatible. Um, but you can't require a beta version of iOS uh because you know the jud we can't guarantee that the judges will have access to that. So it needs to be the current version but that's the that's all that's required and it's the same for Android. Yeah, I would also do this. So for ins influencer apps are we allowed to use their brand names and images? Uh the answer is simply no. Uh it is actually spelled out in the shipathon rules that no use of like for marketing or in the app or in any way uh using the influencers likeness in in any way. So your app should stand on its own legs without the influencers brand in those categories. Of course, after you win, uh, that's a different game after you talk with the influencer themselves and and agree that that that's fine to do. But during the actual hackathon, no uses of any kind of the influencers likeness in in the apps or marketing. Uh, and there was a question already someone asked before that I can now find that are these that we cover now, the rules that we cover in this video are going to be written somewhere. Yes, those are all in defost. Uh there's both the judging criteria, so how each category that we have in this hackathon is judged, but also uh the very uh specific rule set concerning the hackathon and what is required for example from you during the submission process. Um so I can grab another one here. Uh so are mobile apps built with no code, low code, uh like power tools, app sheet, web flow, accepted and are they equally judged or are they categorized differently? So one of the things about the shipon again that's kind of unique compared to many is other than a couple specific categories, we do not care how you built it. That's not what this is about. This is about building something with whatever tools you have available and the product itself is what matters or the story of your journey of how you got there is what matters like in the case of building public. Um there are examples where it does like there's uh a cotlin multiplatform specific category where obviously you need to use cotlin multiplatform or or compose multiplatform. Um, but for the most part, other than some of those specific uh sponsor categories, uh, yeah, you can use whatever you want. That's kind of that's kind of the point. Uh, and in fact, that's one of the really exciting things about Chipeton in 2026 is the amount of people that are building their very first apps that aren't even engineers and don't have a background in this because they can do that with with a lot of these tools a lot easier. Exactly. Uh then this one you're you mentioned the first version uh what or after it's the app store we need to make the new build. Uh the way I'm understanding this is that uh the questions in general about the app version. So you can submit your app now. You can submit uh or like to review for Apple on the last week of shipon. What will be looked at during the pre-screening and testing phases is the video that we have of your app. So if you now for example submitted an app and doesn't have inapp purchases yet that's completely fine as long as the version uh at the end of the hackathon has inapp purchases and you show them in the video for example then it's then it's completely valid. Uh similarly if you end up making a new release of your app and it gets approved after uh your app is like goes through uh goes through the review process and the hackathon has of course ended already. Uh that doesn't really count. What we want to see in the video is your app uh that you've already released in the app store. you're running that version of the app and showing the features from that. Uh not for example from a test build which hasn't have the features because then for example in the final judging phase if you go through your app and it doesn't have the features that you show in the video we will unfortunately have to of course disqualify you because you're showing something that was not actually built during the uh or which we can't validate that it was built during the hackathon itself. Uh so yeah you can release as much many versions as possible as as you want. Uh just make sure that all the requirements that we have. So for example including revenue SDK in the app is satisfied when you submit the app to uh in defost or you submit your project in defost and you record the video of your app for the two-minute video. All right. Uh so this is actually an interesting one. So, does an iOS app have a better chance of winning than an Android app? Uh, I my first re reaction was just like, no, of course not. Like, that's not really important. But I did remember last year that there was a little bit of consternation at the the amount of apps that won that were iOS apps. And so, I think it's it's worth addressing. So, what we found last year was there was way more iOS apps submitted than Android apps. So it it can appear that iOS apps had a leg up in terms of uh winning, but in reality it was more related to, you know, the amount of apps that were submitted um uh from each category. So, no, it it I don't think that there's a better or worse chance other than the fact that there are there are categories specifically around uh like the the Samsung category for submitting to the Samsung Galaxy store that obviously is only going to go to an Android app because it can only go to an Android app. Um and then the the Cotlin multiplatform award also will go to an app that at least has an Android version, right? So, in some ways, being on Android maybe helps you stand out and you're eligible for a couple different prizes than than some of the iOS ones, but um but no, it should not like it's not uh a factor in terms of like we like iOS apps more than Android apps or something like that. No. Uh, and I would do want to call out like part of the reason why we cut less Android apps is that a lot of them did not get included because they for example did not pass the 14-day testing period uh during the hackathon time. So that's why we tell you to ship as often as soon as possible so that you don't run into that problem. For example, Apple does not have any kind of a requirement to have 14 days of testing for example from beta tester users. So, it's technically in some cases easier to get your app through the app store review process uh than Google Play because there's those kind of constraints don't exist. Uh and so yeah, so the best way to avoid that is ship as soon as possible. Uh this is a good one. Uh well, we can both answer this separately, but if you could give one piece of advice to maximize our score, what would it be? Um, so I'll start by probably stealing what you're going to say and then also giving a [snorts] second one because that's not the kind of guy I am. Uh, so, uh, so the first thing is don't overshoot, uh, basically what Pu was just saying, like don't don't try to cram in every single category to give yourself the most odds, but then not make a good case for any one of them individually. Um but within that I would say uh you know the judging like the people judging these are people. Uh this is not machines. Uh it's not based on a binary thing. And so anything having to do with people uh it's going to be about storytelling. And I said this a lot last year and I very much felt like it was true during the whole judging process last year and I think it's going to be true this year is the apps that stand out are the ones that can tell a good compelling narrative about their app related to that specific category. So if you're doing the build-in public category, it's not just did you make really good build-in public content. Um, there were apps that made really highly polished content that didn't win and there were apps that made not super highly polished content that did win. It was more about the story of, you know, why what was your process of building? How did building uh in public impact the way that you you ended up building your app? What were some stories about how it changed things or motivated you or whatever? Um, and think about that through all these different categories. Like tell a compelling story about uh what you're doing and you're going to go a lot farther than if you're just giving kind of dry facts. And then what's what's your answer? [laughter] Well, I was going to I was going to mention the storytelling part as well, but uh let's see. So easiest way to pick like like approach this is that whatever you're building your app it needs to solve a problem or address a need of someone. So when you're making the video when you're writing the description keep that in mind uh that okay I'm explaining this to the judges that this is what my app does this is who it's for and this is what makes it special. If you manage to tell those things really well, it's very easy to judge how well you did in in the different categories. Like if you tell that my app is good because of the design and these are the things about the design that really shine really high to give that's really easy to give you a high uh grade in the design award. Uh in games this is of course a little bit different. you can't there necessarily tell for example that whose problem you're solving because games rarely solve anyone's problems. Uh but instead what you should focus and and this is also in deaf post. What you should focus on there telling is that what makes your game uh special? What makes it great? What is the game loop? And if you manage to do that uh explain explain like why your game is interesting and fun which is going to be a little bit hard. Uh but usually the best way to do that is by showing uh your game in action instead of just telling about it or talking about it. That's also a good way to get pretty high grade in the the game category. So I would say that that's like formulated around that idea that okay these are the main categories that I'm targeting and here's the reasons why and that's how you tell the story of sorts also. And I think connected to that is zoom in on details. So like yeah like like you were just saying if you if you're talking about uh your app is beautifully designed and you show a bunch of screenshots and some video of how well it's designed. Uh that's going to be, you know, compelling and you can get a lot of information from looking at that. But if you instead of going like really wide and telling the broad story, if you say it's welldesigned and then you focus on like one or two specific anecdotes and you can say this has been applied all through the app, but here's an example of a small detail that I really focused on and you know how I honed it or whatever. Um that that can help you stand out quite a bit more than being more generic. Um cool. Uh let's see. So Francis says the app could be published only on one store or it must be published on both app store and play store. No, it it can be on just one. Um that is completely fine unless it's uh I think the only example is the Cotlin multiplatform award where it needs to be on both right. Um, I could be wrong on the specifics on that one, but yeah, obviously check the specific category rules, but unless it's specifically stated, uh, it is completely fine to be on just the Play Store or just the iOS store, just the Samsung Galaxy Store. Um, let's see. Is there any that we have missed? I see. Have you guys done a stream on how to utilize the Shipkit partners? We have a lot of live streams uh coming your way through this uh twice a week uh and so many of them will be with the shipkit partners um where we talk about these things. So yeah for sure that is that is coming down the line. Yeah. Uh this one I think is a good one. Can a game win the non-game categories? For example, design and help apps make more money. Definitely yes. So your game for example could have a very special or special is the wrong word I would say but very nice way of monetizing uh so therefore it of course becomes like uh valid for that award. Same goes for the advertising award in games if you want to use ads to monetize your app also a valid valid valid way to be eligible for that category. Uh yeah, and kind of related uh somebody said for the monetization categories, what counts as smart integration of Revnikat? Any tested examples that work better than others? So like I think the baseline for this one is it's not just a subscription with an annual on a monthly plan. Um so if you're using virtual currencies with uh uh consumable inapp purchases, that's already something a little different than kind of the norm. Um, if you're using uh advertising, obviously that's unique, but there's a there's a specific category for that one. And if it's just one of those, it's maybe less compelling. Um, what we're really looking for is like something that's kind of novel or more specific to your app or audience or just like uh unique or different. Uh, it's kind of an innovative idea. So, I believe the winner last year was was uh was one where, you know, it was it was actually like an app for the public good. And if you subscribed to it, a portion of your subscription would actually uh enable the app for free for people in a certain amount of people in a an area that was underprivileged and needed help from this app more. Um, and they built out a system to make this possible. They weren't just saying that. It was like an interesting monetization scheme kind of um and there wasn't anything technically super crazy about that, but it was totally unique. I'd never seen that before or heard of that and and that is what made it stand out. So really that's what we're we're kind of more interested in is like are you are you coming up with some sort of monetization scheme that is uh unique, novel, or just like extremely effective because of the way you constructed your app? Yeah, and I would also call out that doesn't even have to be subscriptions uh specifically how you monetize your app. So ads is of course one example, but uh for the peace price category uh the apps that you build there, it could be that for example, if it's for public good, you can't really have a subscription on it. So something like a tip jar is also applicable in that case. And if you come up with a very creative way of of using or building tip jars or or similar functionality, then that makes it also applicable for for like a creative way of monetizing your app. Uh and I can actually I like I can use one example from one of the apps that I'm going to be submitting for Shipaton, which is uh only going to be eligible for the conflict of interest award. But that app does not have any subscriptions. It only has lifetime purchases. uh but in different levels. So, it allows users to pay how much they want uh for a lifetime unlock from anything from $1 to $20. Uh and depending what they pay, they get a a membership card with a diff slightly different logo and slightly different graphics. And that's something that for example, good work. So, you're free to steal that idea for your app. Uh I I don't I hope that we don't see like hundreds of those now from that. I don't think it's the best way to monetize your app, but it's definitely something that is slightly out of the box. Even so, if I even if I say so myself. All right. Um so here's one. Are we going to be judged based on most revenue or acquired customers? Do you want to answer that one? Yeah. So this mostly applies for the main price uh the grand price category where we actually look at the revenue numbers uh but we do look at the customer amount as well uh like like how many [snorts] customers you have and how much money they're paying you and we actually what we do is based on the revenue we build a short list of the apps that we then judge in the final stage. Uh and this is because we know for example that it could be technically possible to if we were to just look at the raw numbers that someone just buys a lot of paid ac does a lot of bait acquisition and buys customers uh sells dollars for 10 cents or whatever uh in order to win that category. So we of course try want to avoid that. So that's why we're not looking just purely at the revenue numbers or the c amount of customers you have uh in your app in that category, but we're actually looking a bunch of other qualities. And also your app needs to be a good app. That's also one quality. Like if you have an app uh like [laughter] I am rich app, which sadly does not exist anymore, but if you had that and you had an one inapp purchase that cost $1 million and you had one customer buying that, uh making it the most profitable app of of Shipaton, uh at that point, you would not automatically be eligible to to win the grand prize just because of the revenue you've made. Well, and you wouldn't be growing, right? Uh, no. Exactly. [laughter] But yeah, so I guess the short answer though is like yes, kind of you will be judged based on those two specifically for the building grow award category, but not for other categories. Uh, like you know, if you're building in public, it is not relevant to that category how much money you actually made. That's not what it's about. Um, and that goes for a lot of the categories. So, uh, it is looked at for a couple of them, but not for most. Yeah. Um, let's see. We are over time, but is there any here for sure that we want to get to? I'll say while you're looking, uh, [clears throat] we do have an FAQ this year on the website. So, definitely check that out. It has a search, um, and we've been adding to it as we get lots of the same questions, um, you know, based on these. So check that out if you have questions. Also go into the Discord and ask questions there. Um we have a team of people who are working tirelessly to keep up with those and uh try to make sure we're getting you answers in a timely manner. So that's another way to do it. And then we're doing these live streams uh constantly twice a week throughout the whole thing. Uh so you can come to the next one and bring more questions. We'll always have some Q&A time um to help answer these questions or questions related to the topic that we're talking about obviously as well. And what do you see there? Anything uh anything we want to call out here before we wrap up? Yeah, I would call out this one. So, oh wait, I was going to have a free promo for when my app comes out so I wouldn't have revenue during the window. I guess I have to rethink that. So if you want to have your app available for free, uh I would suggest going with the tip jar route or having uh one way you could do this also is just to have a very lengthy trial period. So during Shipathon, if you have an app that has a trial of two months, that's of course allowed. Then everyone who's using your app during Shipathon is is going to be using it for free. You're not going to be making any revenue, but your app is technically available for free. Uh and that's completely valid. But you do need to integrate revenue and also ads is one of the ways you can do that also. Uh you can add revenue ads show some ads in your app and that is that is still allowed and technically you're not having subscriptions for example directly or not technically but you're not having subscriptions in your app and you don't even have to have because there are multiple ways of monetizing your app or driven cat. Yeah. And I I don't know exactly when that question came in because I feel like it could be referencing two different things. So, one could be the requirement to have the Revnikat SDK, uh, which is kind of what you were alluding to. And I would say also like if you're wanting a free promo period during Shipon, you could also use uh promo codes, which like you can do in the app stores. Um, so that it's like free for people that are participating in the shipon and find your thing, but like it still has monetization, you know, if somebody just finds it randomly on the app store. Um, but then the other question was uh or the other thing was related to the building and grow award where we were saying we're looking at revenue. I don't know if that's when the question came in. Um, and in that case, you would just have to make the choice I guess like uh of whether that's a category that you care about. Um, although if you had some successful scheme that got your downloads so insanely high because it was free and you told a compelling enough story about how you're going to use that to catapult the app forward, which is actually a strategy that some people employ. Um, you know, that's actually not the worst idea, but it would have to work and probably by the time we're judging, you might want to flip the the dial to the make money dial and be able to tell that it's kind of working. uh if if you want to really compete in that category. But that would actually be really interesting. I think that's I think we've covered most of the questions uh or most of the topics have been covered now. Uh and if you can like if you did not get your question answered uh tag me or Charlie in Twitter or whatever, send us a LinkedIn message, whatever it is, uh we will answer you and and defose is also deboards over Discord. That's probably the easiest way. There's a bunch of people who will be able to answer your question when it comes to the rules. Awesome. All right. Well, thank you everybody. Uh very fun to to get the first one of these out. Um it's I I'll just say it we've been working on this uh for what feels like forever. I know P2 has been in the the deep depths of making rules and building systems to deal with the massive load of people, but it's very weird when you're working on this for a long time and it's like theoretical. Uh and even before we technically launched uh on on Saturday, the moment people started building in public and you saw that creative frenetic energy that you all bring, uh immediately it went from like this overly stressful project to ah this is the best time of the year. Uh so thank you all like so much for all the stuff that you guys are making. It really it really makes this uh feel like it's actually worth all the work. [laughter] And so, uh, I I really appreciate what you guys are all doing and hopefully, uh, these are useful for you all. And please, you know, give us feedback, tell us what you think, uh, everywhere on the internet. And, and of course, share it with your friends. Bring more people into the fold because the more people involved, the more fun this is, I think, for everybody. Cool. All right. Well, uh, our next one will be on Thursday. And, uh, we'll see you all then. Bye. See you.