one more session this week. Uh but really excited that I get to do this one because this is a topic that we've had I think a lot of interest in um over the past few weeks. We've had a lot of questions um about this uh during other live streams. I've seen a lot of questions in the Discord. Uh so today the focus is all on the web and how to add web purchases to your mobile app. Uh we're going to cover app to web, web to app, app to web to app. um every connotation um therein we're gonna we're going to cover. Uh so yeah, looking forward to uh to to diving into this one. Uh and really excited to have um not one, not two, but three very special guests here with us. Um we've got two members of the revenue cap team, P two, who some of you will be used to seeing by now. He's been on on the last couple uh of live streams, but also Ed from our our product team and then a very very special guest um Andrew from Paddle. So, uh, yeah, why don't we why don't we kick things off, uh, guys, and do a quick intro if you can just, um, tell everyone a little bit about yourselves, uh, what you do, um, and then we'll go we'll go from there. So, yeah, Pu, do you want to kick off and then Ed and >> Yeah, I'm Peru. I'm I'm a developer advocate at RavenCat. So, I I help people to figure out how to monetize their well, React Native and and Flutter apps, but of course like Biff and and Cotlin apps as well. purchase is one thing that that you could consider for example and therefore battle as well. >> Cool. Yeah, I'm Ed. I'm on the product team. So, I'm a senior product manager working on all things web. So, uh this is my world whether it's coming from an app or uh from some other source. We're trying to figure out how to make it easier for developers to uh sell things on the web. uh specifically mobile developers uh who are looking to add web revenue. >> Fantastic. Thank you everyone. Um my name is Andrew. I served Paddle as chief innovation officer. I've been the um CMO there for three and a half years until I transitioned into this role and formerly was a founder software founder and also invest in B2B and consumer across SAS and apps and delighted to be with you. Anything that's about more revenue is something that's close to my heart. So >> awesome. And Andrew, I'm gonna I'm gonna put you on the spot, and I haven't prepped you for this. Um, so when when we have um we have new joiners starting at Revenue Cap, one of the questions they have they have to answer in front of the whole company uh is what is their favorite like go-to app right now? So, I'm going to put you on the spot and ask you uh what uh what app are you currently using? What's your what's your go-to? >> Okay, I'm going to give a shout out to uh someone who has just launched today. Um, I have to fly all over the world to meet customers and prospects and I hate travel booking systems. And um, a friend and former colleague of me has just launched the Great British Takeoff instead of the Great British Takeoff, which is a AI flight search engine to find the best deals for complicated flights around the world. So, that's what I'm currently spending a couple of hours fighting with bugs and giving feedback on. >> I love the name. That's uh yeah, for for any for any non-British uh people dialing in, that might might be a little bit lost on them, but yeah, that's a very that's a very apt name for uh for for an if you're a great British Bake Off fan. Um awesome. Okay. Well, thank you all of you for for joining. Appreciate it. And yeah, looking forward to to getting into this. Um but before we before we do, uh just the the usual reminder to everybody, these sessions, um they're for you. So, please please please um ask questions. If you're listening on LiveTorm, you can use the questions feature um or drop them in the chat and we'll make sure that we we answer them. If you're listening on YouTube or X or LinkedIn or anywhere else um then you can dive in and use the Discord um as well. Just a general plug for the Discord. If you're taking part in Shipon this year and you're not a member of the Discord, go and join it. Um really great place to connect with other participants. Um there's a ton of revenue cap folks in there. So if you're struggling with anything related to revenue cap, you can get some help. Um and then there are some members of the paddle team as well. So anything that comes up today uh and uh that you know you don't understand or you have questions with after this then the discord is the place to go to get an answer. So um yeah, head over there and uh and make use of it. Uh and then very quickly as as is tradition with these live live streams, we want to start by uh spotlighting a couple of the projects that we've seen um that are uh taking part in our build in public uh category. It's one of our our prize categories uh this year. And this is really all about um yeah shining a light on people that are well the clue the clue is in the name building in public kind of sharing their progress as they go, sharing their learnings. And um yeah, we we kind of spend a bit of time each week looking through some of the kind of standout projects. And so there are a couple here that we wanted to to to highlight and to point everybody to to go and have a look at for a little bit of inspiration. And so my example that I've picked on picked up this week is an app called PocketShelf. I realize now that the screen grab I've done is very very small so difficult to see. Um but this app is um all about trying to encourage you to read more books. um kind of create a collection of of books that you've read and encourage you to finish them. Um perfect for someone like me because I have about 10 books on my bedside table that I've read maybe less than a third of each. So I'll definitely be using this um once it once it gets shipped. Uh but this tweet that they put out over the weekend um highlights the onboarding flow that they've built. Really really slick design, personalized flow, and just a great example of of how to Oh, I'm skipping slides. Um yeah, how to build a great a great onboarding flow. So go go go have a look at that. Go check it out. We have a um best design award category this year as well and so I definitely think this one could be a contender for that. But um good one to have a look at for a bit of inspiration. So yeah, wanted to wanted to give that one a shout out. Um the posturally app is that Pu Ed? I can't remember who who is uh who is this one Ed? >> Yeah, that's me. So the the context on this is I mean I was scrolling through the feed um and this one instantly resonated with me mostly because I'm trying harder over time to not slouch at my desk. Every you notice everybody in the room right now adjusts posture as I say that. Um so yeah I this is uh Indian cube artist who's building an app called postuli uh using some really cool like real time phone based and other sensor based uh posture tracking and uh so this app is kind of tracking real time and giving kind of a rating of of posture and there's kind of audio cues uh when you drop below a certain uh score as well in real time and and then secondly I I really like the the branding of the app here is kind of like a a nice uh cherry on the cake, so to speak, to kind of give a really friendly uh interface to this thing. So, I'm actually really looking forward to to checking out this app when it's available. >> Yeah, very very cool. I've seen that one as well in in my feed when I've been I've been scrolling through. So, I'm glad you glad you picked that one. Um and yeah, as a as a reminder to everybody as well, we mentioned this uh last week, but we are we're officially halfway through uh the shipon window. Um but by no means does that mean it's too late. There's still uh four weeks left and if you scroll through the feed, you'll see that some people are are just starting. There's lots of people just kicking off their project. So um yeah, if you need a bit of inspiration or you want to get some comfort that you're not the only one um still still in in the early days, then uh the building public hashtag is is the place to go to to do that. Um okay. And then a quick recap of some um inerson events that we've we've had recently. So uh on the screen you'll see a few pictures of Charlie. So Charlie, your yeah your shipon captain who has been AWOL in Asia. He's been completing the Asian swing of our global Shipon uh tour. Uh some pictures there of him in Taiwan and in Korea. Um he was at a couple of events meeting lots of people taking part in Shipon. So if you if you sought Charlie out and said hello, thank you for for doing so. I know he had um yeah a great time connecting with with lots of folks over there. Uh and then there was an event on Saturday in Colombia. So we had a group I think this was it was hosted by a group called app a team maybe or app I can't remember um but they put on a a hackathon uh participants had 12 of us to come up with their idea to to build it and get it as close to shipping to the stores as possible and then I saw the the picture with a novelty check and I had to had to double double check that was in pesos and not in dollars because that would be an unbelievable prize if that was uh in in dollars but I have been told it was in pesos but still still that's still a good prize. Um, but I've um I've seen some of the apps that have come out of that and there's some really impressive stuff that was built. So, thank you to everybody involved in in organizing the event. It looked like a looked like a great great time. Um, uh, but we still have more we still have more events coming. We have more events uh being added to our river page every week. Um, so we do we a plug for this on every live stream. If you're interested in meeting up with other folks taking part in Shippeton in person or some of the events actually are are virtual as well, then head to the the events page, check out what's coming up. Um, and you'll be able to kind of filter by location and by date um and join an event um if there is one near you. It looks like there's there's one in Helsinki on Friday, which pair two is your your stomping ground. So, you'll be there, right? You'll be there in person. I'll be there talking about virtual currencies uh which is I haven't seen a single shipadon app yet with virtual currencies. So if if you're waiting for a monetization idea, that's something I would look look into. Uh and actually I want to highlight also the Flutter Tokyo meetup. Uh I think Jong, one of our developer advocates is also going to uh talk there a bit remotely, I think, but still taking part in that. >> Super awesome. So yeah, as a as a reminder, head to the head to the the river page. you can find it find the link from our like shipton.com homepage um and that's where you can register for for these events. >> Cool. I think that is everything from me to start with um so I'm going to stop sharing and uh Andrew I will I will hand over to you um to take it from here. >> Fantastic. Thank you so much Matt. Um and yes I fully hope that the 1 million prize is a dollar prize for next year. Shippeton's got to be bigger and better in 2026, right? Don't don't don't we there's a a thing at revenue cap when you say something you speak it into existence and I fear that you've done that and if Rick if Rick is listening there's going to be a thing. >> Hey Rick's a big thinker so I know he'll he'll smash it one way or the other. Love it. Okay cool. Well um great to be with you all today. Um I know we've got people from all around the world here. I love this about our our combined audiences. There are people from every little town and city across not just Europe but America. APAC down in Australia and New Zealand. Um so wherever you are in the world, thank you for joining in. We're going to talk quickly about um web monetization. Um this is a hot topic. I know lots of people have been asking questions and talking about it. Um obviously we've built an integration um or revenue built an integration with paddle um which we're delighted about and we've got some some apps making money um through that channel and we'll talk a bit about that today and then I believe Ed is going to be diving in and giving us a great demo. So, I will try to get out of the way as soon as possible so he can do that. Um, just as a bit of context, um, you know, Paddle, it's a business that's been around for about well about 10 11 years. Um, we've got about 6,000 different customers we serve. Um, a lot of these are are web businesses and a lot of them are multi- channelannel businesses. Um, but over the last couple of years, we've just seen an increasing number of consumer uh, mobile first businesses want to scale a a web revenue. and we'll work out kind of why in a minute. Um there's a few of the logos that the companies were working with there. Um and so we operate around the world about 6,000 c um customers and uh you know gone through a real growth spurt over the last over the last year or two particularly on the back of people trying to make sure they can make revenue outside of main app stores. And you know people focus so much on the economics here the the fee difference but it's not just about that. Um, you know, a lot of this is around the ability to experiment faster. Um, the ability to, you know, have perhaps some better attribution or better data. Um, faster cash flow turn, so get your money back faster. It's not locked up into the the app store ecosystem. Um, greater control over that kind of onboarding flow. Um, and so there's a whole bunch of things we're going to talk through today, but those are some of the drivers behind why people are doing this. And I got to be honest, when I first started speaking to app companies who wanted to, you know, launch web funnels or some form of web monetization, my assumption was it's largely about the fee. Um, often it isn't. I was speaking to to um a very very significant app um out of New York a couple of days ago and they were very clear that it's about finding a new audience. There are people in their audience that buy on web but don't buy on the app store. I know that feels odd to all of us app native people. Um, but there's some categories of of audiences that actually prefer to buy on the web um, and do that more often. And so that was one of their reasons for doing it. So if we just lay out these three, just to try and be really clear here, the middle strand here is what we've all done historically. We're marketing. It might be an ad, it might be organic ASO, etc. We're going through um through the app store, an app install, and then, you know, some form of an app purchase uh and app usage. Um, then we've now got these two other options. The bottom one is the web to app flow. Um, which is where you're running ads or search or something to drive people to a web landing page. And then there's probably an onboarding questionnaire. That's the cool thing that everyone's been doing, but it doesn't have to be. Uh, it doesn't have to be an onboarding questionnaire. It could be something other than a funnel. Um, and then you take them to a web payw wall and a web checkout and then route them into the app for usage. Um, and there's also now the app to web flow, which is where you run that traditional app marketing. Uh, but at the point of purchase, you pop a web view so that they can actually, um, purchase outside of the app store. And, you know, I'm sure it all be very bored to go through all the legal issues around here that have been going through the courts in the US and in the EU. Um, but a lot of that I think really I'd summarize um, the the growth in this being around ruling and tooling. um the rulings have mean meant that the app stores have opened up but also that people have had visibility on what's possible whereas previously big apps have done this um and then secondly the tooling lots of companies revenue cap right at the forefront have started to make this more possible and easier therefore smaller scaling apps are doing this at an earlier stage before you can build out big web teams like the major consumer apps of yesterday year have to do um so there's all of these options available to us and as I said there's a whole bunch of different reasons and if we split these between web to app and app to web. It's important to note that some of these benefits are web to app specific. So yes, we have the transaction fees depending on your region, where the consumer is, the customer relationship and how tight that is, attribution, expansion of audience, the cash flow cycle time, and the ability to keep experimenting. But when you go app to web, you lose a couple of those because you're obviously not going to get the same attribution benefits because you're still doing the marketing through the app store. Um, and then the audience expansion, the same thing. The one thing I just wanted to kind of make sure everyone is aware of because it's something that's been, you know, top of the list of of conversations we've been having with app founders is the way you then monetize and how you monetize, how you take payments. We summarize this out. Do more or DIY trying, do merchant of record or do it yourself and have to build your own payment stack. One of the things that we've always had in the app world that SAS businesses, web first businesses haven't had is we've had Apple or Google to be the merchant of records. They deal with all of the complicated sales tax and currency management. They deal with, you know, all of the buyer support and chargebacks and refund refunds as well as payments. And suddenly, if we want to now take payments on the web, we have to remember there's all of those things that comprise uh a good payment stack and a compliant payment stack. Have you got me still, Matt? >> Yeah, we've got uh Yeah, you sound you sounded briefly like a bit of an alien or a robot. So, you maybe you're maybe you're an AI. I don't know. But >> maybe I am. Maybe. My wife would be delighted if that was the case. Um we've got your back. you know the the the challenge is that you start on this journey and you throw up a you use a payment payment service provider Stripe or similar and then suddenly you face all of these problems as soon as you start selling in different regions and you've got to now retroactively build out the rest of this stack um and so you know having been web native for a decade um we hold that entire merchant of record that replicates the functionality of the app store um in terms of dealing with all of these issues that you see on the right hand side in one single uh provider. Um, so yeah, I'm not going to labor this. My my main um exhortation to everyone here is if you're playing with web revenue, think about what happens as you start scaling because you don't want to have to keep rebuilding this. Um, cool. So, with that quick summary, and I don't want to take too long, so I do want to pass over to Ed for the fun stuff. Um, obviously Runner, a joint customer of ourselves, a revenue cat. Um, this is a quick co quote from Miranda. there a great UK success story now part of Straa um I've just included the onboarding flow there as you pop up the web view um in order to do a web purchase um and it's been great working with consumer apps like them on building their web revenue to balance their revenue across multiple different platforms as well as achieve the benefits we spoke about before there are three things that I think are really important for us to to to focus on as we're building out these web channels um we need to be frictionless familiar and fast Um so let's just quickly focus on being familiar first. Um it's important that we mobile native buying journey. >> Oh I've lost you again. Matt gone again. >> We can No, we can we can still hear you. It just sounds like maybe the audio is coming through a different a different feed, but we've still got you. >> Okay. No, now now we now we now we don't now we uh now we can't hear you. >> We're back now. >> We're back. >> Wonderful. So, we need to be familiar mobile native payment options, Apple Pay, Google Pay, and matching the user experience. That's really important. Um secondly, we want to be we want to make sure we're we're being trans transparent about everything we're doing here. Um you can see here just offering very clear plans. It's important that we're being clear to the user so they're not getting duped and also um making sure that when we come to those retention and renewal points um you know they feel they've built trust. And then on that retention and renewal point part of that stack of things you need to build for the payment infrastructure as you scale is your retention capability. And I really believe it's important to plan for churn from day one rather than think about that in 30 days or in 90 days or in 365 days depending on your plan length. Um And uh by planning for churn from day one, you can make sure that you you are able to downgrade people onto a different plan or pause their plan. Um and we can do a whole session on cancellation flows for anyone that's use is that's interested. And we we work with a bunch of pretty scaled apps who have been able to save hundreds of thousands of dollars by making sure they have good cancellation flows built into their their web purchase journeys. Right. Um I don't want to go on and on and uh my audio is dropping in and out. So Ed um you know we've talked a lot about some of the quick benefits here. Um the key thing is to keep experimenting and experimenting and experimenting. That's one of the benefits of a web channel. You can do that very very often. Um, and obviously we would love people to do this uh with Paddle and Revenue Cat to get the benefit of everything Revenue Cat has to offer and this merchant of record so you can scale compliantly around the world and sell in every region with the right currencies, the right payment methods, um, and all the rest of those benefits. So, um, with that very quick intro, Ed, I'm very happy to hand over to you to do the fun stuff. >> Thanks, Andrew. Yeah, before you sorry I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to jump in very quickly before we before we dive into the demo because Andrew I think I think you touched on a couple of points there that have come up in previous sessions that I wanted to make sure we we clarified before we before we dive into the demo. So, um, I know we've I know we've talked there's been a lot of talk about the ruling and we're probably all kind of sick of of of of that and and and, uh, talking about how things have changed, but just to to reiterate what happened and and what has what has changed. Could you just very very briefly talk about um, yeah, the the Epic versus Apple ruling and and just what that meant for for iOS developers in the US uh, briefly. Um, just to make sure everybody everybody's clear because I can still see in Discord we get some questions about this, what is allowed, what isn't allowed. Um so uh so yeah that would be that would be great. >> Yeah of course um I mean this has been a 10-year journey. Um the emergence of crossplatform apps started really back in 2014 2015. Um we saw webto flows um you know n and flow and others build out this in 2021. So this isn't a new thing. Epic versus Apple happened in 2021. Epic Games sued Apple um and a US judge ruled that Apple can't block external payments for inapp purchases. Naturally, our founder um Christian testified in that court case in the San Francisco um high court. Um but Apple um and uh and basically that's been a saga for the last three or four years which we've seen resolve in 2025. um where now you know they've they've been you know ruled against again to make sure that they are compliant in spirit as well as you know just in the letter of the law and then there's been extra changes in the EU. So effectively now you are able to take payments outside of the app store um without suffering the the fees that were traditionally there and we're seeing many many developers experiment with that as a result of the last six months of ruling. >> Yeah, super. I think that's a that's a really great summary because there was a there was a question um that Ed has has already replied to. I can't I can't spotlight it on the screen because um because Ed Ed has Ed has answered it already. He's uh he's one step ahead of of me. But but yeah, that that is it in a nutshell. And and I think for for developers that are building as as part of Shipon or people that are taking part. I think that's the key point is that now you can experiment with this with this new this new channel. you can direct people if you're in the it's in the US and you're on iOS, you can direct people um out of of your app to collect uh collect payment on the web. Um and so yeah, something that that before wasn't wasn't possible is is is now is now possible. Lots more information on that ruling and kind of the background um on the Revenue Cat blog. We also ran an experiment. So uh Revenue Cat owns an app called Dipsy. We acquired it um I think it was end of last year. Um, and one of the reasons we acquired Dipsy was to be able to run experiments and kind of share learnings from a a real world, real life um, successful app. And so we ran an experiment to kind of show um, the impact of offering both inapp purchases um, as well as a web checkout kind of in isolation and side by side and how that impacts things like conversion and subscriber stickiness. Um, and so that's also something that I would um I would definitely recommend people go and have a have a look at if this is all brand new to you and um you're you're typically used to just interacting with the app stores then um lots of useful kind of context and content there too. So I'll I'll add the link in a second uh in the in the chat. Um but yeah, thank you Andrew. Super super helpful. Um I'm sure I'm going to have more questions for you in a moment. So um we'll let you take a take a breath. Um but yeah, Ed, if we could hand over to you now to kind of run through a demo, talk a little bit more about um the kind of new feature that we we released with Paddle as well, that'd be that'd be great. >> Yeah, thanks. And and thanks, Andrew. That's I think a a great like context on the the why part of this and especially with the changes that uh we talked about in the US. I think the the biggest takeaway for me in in the past few months, >> this is something uh I believe I'm also having the same weird audio issue, but I hope you can uh still hear me, so I'm just going to keep talking. Um the uh yeah, the the realization that definitely our team has had is that uh nobody has kind of concrete uh answers or clear black and white rules on this yet. And we're in a space where really everybody is experimenting. Um, and the thing we're trying to do obviously at at RevenueCat in kind of providing these tools and and kind of shipping those as quickly as possible and putting them in into developers hands is making sure that you guys can actually do that experimentation and uh and and kind of carve your own path uh through this space. And yeah, I'm sure it will continue to change in the coming months like that's that's uh without a doubt. So, with that said, um I wanted to quickly kind of walk through some of the kind of how of this. Um assuming you're building an app, uh you're using uh the Revenue Cat platform. Um you're probably serving inapp purchases. Um most likely subscriptions, but uh maybe not. Um, I wanted to kind of walk you through how you would go from uh that setup to uh using our new um web purchase button to serve a payw wall that also has a web uh purchase link attached to it that uses paddle as a checkout. So, uh, the goal that we had with with this setup is to really give you like a the shortest path possible from, uh, having a mobile app within our purchases and a revenue cap payw wall to adding a a web checkout where, again, like as Andrew said, you don't have to think about um, like sales tax registrations or compliance. Uh, you can just sell super easily using paddles embedded checkout and also redirect your users back to the app afterwards. So, uh, and obviously I'll demo the flow at the end of this, but I think you'll see that it's, um, it's pretty fast and it's a pretty efficient way to kind of funnel users out to the web and then also back again, uh, into the app. Just to quickly, uh, give some context, um, since you may not be aware, um, we have a thing called Revenue Web. Um, Revenue Cat Web is kind of a an area of revenue um that personally I work on along with uh the web team. Um, Revenue Cat Web is a set of tools and we we have a mission to kind of whereas the the rest of Revycat is uh focused on helping apps make more money uh generally we're focused on helping apps make more money by uh adding web monetization. And so um we're trying to kind of unlock the the power and additional flexibility that you get by billing on the web. Obviously um the app stores have certain set of constraints whether it be like pricing options or like subscription logic. Um that all goes away as soon as you uh start monetizing on the web. And um our mission is to kind of take all of that flexibility and and make it accessible to people that are building mobile apps. Um the other thing that I think is key here is if you're building a mobile app and you want to add web payments or you're doing crossplatform in general, uh revenue is a really easy way to kind of unify uh entitlements across all of the platforms that you're offering. Um, and that is often like one of the trickier parts of kind of dealing with multiplatform uh development in general is that you need to make sure that like access to features and things like subscription status are accessible and consistent across all of those platforms. Uh, Revcat web has two integration paths. uh we have a like a low code hosted uh payment flow uh which uh we call web purchase links and that's what we're actually going to focus on today for this demo. Uh we also have a web SDK uh separately to that which allows you to uh deliver much more customizable experience. This is I would say less focused on appto web and more focused on uh actual kind of rich uh web applications. Um, and so if you're doing kind of a a web to app flow, uh, you might have like a rich web app where you want to integrate the the web SDK. Um, we also have some other features that that make it easier to just share links and accept purchases and then have those purchases kind of redeemed in the native app, which uh helps when you want to kind of freely share uh links to checkout uh to kind of hosted checkouts um on social and through other channels. And there's a feature there called redemption links that that we've also shipped. Um so yeah, focusing on the now then. So our goal here is to implement appto web purchases uh using the revenue cap paddle integration and this is roughly what this process looks like. Uh I put a QR code here to the full doc. So we have an end toend guide which literally walks you through every step. Um there's obviously things that uh are a little too in the weeds to to cover it in this session. um in general. So, what we're going to do is uh I'm assuming that you've probably already integrated and configured the Revenue Cat uh SDK on iOS. We're just focused on iOS here uh mostly because our web purchase button uh just supports that today and that is obviously where we have the opportunity to uh link out to external purchases freely in the US on iOS. By the way, Matt or or Pu, uh, if I skip over anything here, uh, feel free to like question me or or kind of fill in any context. Um, then we're going to connect Paddle as a payment provider. So, uh, I'll show you what that looks like. And then we, uh, essentially have already created some products on Paddle. Um, this integration, what it looks like is, uh, Paddle is the subscription billing engine. So uh any subscription products and prices that you create are all managed uh entirely within paddle and we import those products and prices into revenue cap. Uh we then create an offering uh which is essentially our kind of container for serving those products to the user and uh we can uh combine our mobile inapp purchase products uh from the app store with the web products that we import from paddle and then we kind of bundle all of that up and create a payw wall to present that offering to the user uh which will again have uh inapp purchase plus the web purchase button. uh we'll add that web purchase button which will uh be configured to link directly out to the paddle checkout and then I'll uh quickly show you kind of a test uh use case for like walking through that flow and and seeing how it works. Uh so yeah final just like little bit of a more kind of visual visual overview of this flow. Um we have a payw wall here on iOS that has a web purchase button on it. Uh this is the the bit that we've added recently to allow you to to easily link out to web purchases. Uh we'll then open the full Safari. Ed, we've um Ed, we've lost we've lost your audio. I think it might have I think it might be Livtorm randomly deciding to connect your phone. Is that is that what was happening? Yeah. >> Yeah, that's exactly what's happening. And uh I'm not sure how other than my phone to the other side of the room, how I can >> I had a I had a message. >> Yeah, Charlie was like, "Yeah, I switch off my my phone every time I go on one of these live streams, which is a a top tip I wasn't aware of." So, um that might >> literally I'm I'm literally turning off my phone, so I can't do that. So, thanks for the tip, Charlie. Um yes so uh we have some questions about whether it's actually allowed to open kind of an inapp uh browser to process web payments. Uh the current status of that is you are not and generally we see apps being rejected from the store for doing that. Uh this might change but right now we're only uh opening like the full Safari. Um that opens our web purchase link which is a hosted uh checkout uh which is on uh revenue domain but it also embeds the paddle checkout so you can uh kind of users can complete the purchase. Um after completion we configure a custom URL scheme redirect which is our way of kind of bouncing the user back into the native app at the end. So that redirect will immediately nudge the user back into your app and you don't have to deal with kind of how you guide them after the purchase or like telling them to go somewhere else. Um we we kind of handle that for you. And then um yeah, just to clarify, we're obviously creating a paddle billing subscription here. So uh as I said paddle is kind of orchestrating that subscription and any further updates or changes that happen to it are synced uh from paddle directly using our integration. Uh so that is the place you would go to kind of manage those subscriptions. Uh it is not time for QA. It's time for me to uh pop out of the um slide deck here. So yeah, the first thing to mention is uh I have a sandbox uh paddle account here. Uh in paddle uh sandboxes are completely separate environments. So you need to uh sign up and create a a sandbox uh account directly. Um I have a product here in paddle with some prices and in paddle's model um prices are kind of the direct thing that maps uh to products in the revenue world. So, you can see here, uh, I've got a $100, uh, annual plan and a $1299 monthly plan. The monthly plan has a a 30-day trial attached. Um, yeah, this is a fairly straightforward like subscription product. Uh, the other thing I just want to point out is, uh, when you're configuring this, there is a field here called price name, which is the thing that is actually presented to the user uh, in the checkout. Um, so that is your one thing that that is kind of you should give some consideration to. Um, if I head back to the revenue dashboard, uh, which for some reason is not loaded, but I'll reload. Nice. It knows that I'm doing a live demo. So, uh, >> we just got all the tech gremlins today in the in the live. It's beautiful. I I'm I embrace it personally. Uh it's extra charge. Right. So there we're in the uh Remncat dashboard. Okay. The first thing we're going to do is look at how you would connect Paddle. So uh here in the dashboard you have an apps and providers section. This is where um you also connect your app store and your Google Play Store accounts. Uh we also have web configurations here uh which includes Revenue's own uh billing system. um and any other web integrations. If we add a web config here, you can see that we have the option to add paddle. Uh the setup here, I won't walk through this completely, but essentially you just need to paste in your paddle API key. Uh there's a couple of options around purchase tracking. I would recommend sticking with the automatic method where all the updates are done server to server. And then on our side uh we need to know how we should identify the app user ID when those servers server purchases come through. Um in most cases it's better to use the autogenerated user ids. So you'll see uh users showing up in revenue with like an anonymous app user ids that have been generated. Uh you just need to be able to handle that uh on your site and there's some uh docs I can link to to to help with that. Okay. So uh we assume then that we've uh created the paddle connection. If I go to the product catalog uh if I scroll down through the very many uh test accounts here I'm just going to find the one. Yeah. So here's my uh paddle connection that I just created. Uh and you'll see here that I've already imported the two products that I just pointed to on the paddle side. As soon as that connection is created, you have the opportunity to import products here. So, I would click this import button. It will automatically go and find products in paddle or or rather prices in paddle that I can import. Uh there's one additional price here that I haven't yet imported, but I'm I'm not using that one. Uh the others are already showing up here. So, um that's all good. What we're going to do now is uh create an offering uh so that we can package up those products and create a payw wall and uh and actually present that to the user. So if I go again to the product catalog and offerings, I want to add a new offering. Uh I'm going to type a few things in to identify this. And then we want to create one package per um price that we had. So we want a monthly package and an annual package. Um so let's create the monthly one first. And then what you need to do in each of these packages is select a uh native product. So in this case because it's on iOS uh here's the iOS uh app store connection that I've already created. I'm going to select my monthly iOS product there. And then from the paddle uh connection that I made, I want to select the monthly product from there as well. So we have our monthly package. Oops, I should have actually continued here and created a yearly one. Uh excuse me while I just quickly select these. Um, so there's yearly for the iOS and additionally uh my premium yearly. Okay. So now we've got a package for monthly and a package for yearly. Uh, actually somehow I've actually selected two puddle products here. Let me just fix that. Uh, oh, I know what I did. I actually didn't add the monthly one. Let's save that. Okay, so we're good. Now, here's our two packages. Next step is to create a web purchase link, which is giving us the hosted checkout. Um, and there's going to be a few things that I can configure here as well. First thing I need to configure is to uh choose the payment provider for this web purchase link. Um, and there's some fields here related to uh landing pages that actually um I'll explain in a second are not really relevant because we're actually linking directly to the to the checkout. Um, and we can also uh put links to terms and conditions. Um, what is important on the web purchase link is that I tell it to redirect after the uh purchase success. So, this is where we want to bump the user back into the app. So, there's two options here. One is to show a default success page which is Remnikat success page. Uh the other one is like a custom redirect. Now what we want to do here um is actually switch over to my Xcode project because what I have in the Xcode project is a uh configured URL scheme. Uh this is in the documentation page that I linked to. I won't go like super deep into that now. But uh having a URL scheme means uh I have the ability to uh redirect to that URL scheme that is registered in the app and will uh open the the native app after the purchase. Um some other settings around repeat purchase behavior. Uh but generally that's uh everything that I need in order to create the web purchase link. Uh as soon as you create the web purchase link, you actually have a sandbox URL. uh that you can access which will take you uh to that purchase flow. We obviously don't want to use that because we want to link from our payw wall. So now let's go and create a payw wall. Uh when I create a payw wall I need to select the offering. Um now I need to remember which uh which one it was. I'm going to go back to the page here. Uh, sorry. Bear with me a second. What did I Can somebody remember what I uh called the offering? I think I Oh, I called it Shippeton. Okay, so here's my Shippeton offering. I'm going to add a pay wall for that offering. Uh, obviously we have our beautiful templates here. I'm not going to start from scratch because nobody's interested in watching me trying to build a a thing from scratch here. I'm actually going to find a template that already includes a web purchase button because we have some of those. Um, so here's my recipe template and you'll see uh this is the shipon pay wall. Um, if you look at the uh packages here, they should be hooked up to the packages on the offering. Uh, my annual one is selected by default and the the red button at the bottom here is my uh web purchase button. So, you can see if I select that, it's configured for a a web purchase. Um there's some other options here like going directly to the product selection which would take you to the like the hosted web product selection but actually uh because we have our package selection here in the payw wall we just want to go directly to the purchase. Uh so I'm going to configure that uh and I'm going to publish it. And then the final thing I'm going to do here is walk over and see if we can make a purchase. So if I minimize these uh here I have my iOS simulator and I'm using uh the revenue cat like payw wall tester app. Um you can actually test pay walls now in the main revenue app. So that's a good way to test your purchase uh when you're doing sandbox purchasing. Um you can see here when I open the app uh all of the pay walls that I have published are here. So if I click on the shimaton one uh this is what we've just created. We've got our two packages and we've got the web purchase button uh which should link directly out to the hosted checkout. So this is the experience that your subscribers would see. Uh you can see we're on the pay.rev.cat domain. Uh we're immediately into the paddle checkout. And so this means that now we have complete flexibility to uh change uh what payment methods are available. Uh we can configure things related to the product. uh that are also configurable on the paddle side and and those would show up here as well. Obviously, um taxes are calculated here because that's that's something that paddle just does for you out of the box. So, um because I'm in Sandbox, I can actually go ahead and uh complete this purchase with my trusty test card numbers. Uh don't think name matters. Yeah. So here we're creating a free trial followed by a $12.99 monthly subscription. Um that pricing may or may not make sense, but obviously in general we see that giving some incentive to users to to go and do the web purchase is is useful at like driving more conversions. You obviously need to balance that with uh you know the kind of economics of your of your subscriptions and price points. So yeah, let's complete the payment. um Safari wants to remember the card and then immediately after the purchase uh this is the custom URL scheme being triggered and so we get bumped back uh into the app which in this case is our payable tester app uh here you'd have the opportunity to provide a custom experience um for users and actually as a final step uh if I just dig out the browser we should actually be able to see uh this transaction so I'm Looking at my sandbox data here, we can see a purchase that's just come in with a store uh as paddle. Uh we can see the product information and we can see that it's a free trial and uh yeah, so the these subscribers show up exactly as like a a revenue cat subscription would within the dashboard and you can um you can do all the monitoring there on the kind of revenue reporting site as well. Taking a breath. I think that was everything I wanted to cover. Um, are there any questions uh Matt from your side or anything else I should dig into here? >> Yeah, that was that was awesome. But but yes, is the short answer. I've I've actually got a lot of questions here. So maybe some like quickfire ones on the kind of more technical side and then Andrew there's there's a couple here I think that will be would be good for you to answer. So, um, yeah, just as part of that flow, so where would, um, so a user that subscribes that way, where do they go to manage their subscription if they, you know, once they they've gone through the checkout? >> Yeah. So, that would all be through Paddle's uh, customer portal like, um, which I believe is linked from the transactional emails. Uh, Andrew, I apologize if I'm getting this wrong. there is a hosted customer portal that paddle has which is the place to go uh to kind of either change or cancel their subscription. So that would all be on the paddle side. >> Okay, cool. And then I think you touched on this but the customizing the checkout experience that's done on the paddle side right now. Is that right or is that that's Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. So the the way we've configured this um and this is actually thanks to the flexibility of our web purchase links. You're actually not really seeing any revenue cat user interface in that flow because we're uh we're pre-selecting the package on the payw wall side and we're navigating you straight to paddle. So um any options for customization uh for that flow would be uh in paddle. Um, we actually have the ability and I can actually quickly um if I can get back to my offering again. Uh, so there should be the option here. Sorry, bear with me as I Yeah. So in your um payment provider the the connection that I did initially to paddle uh we actually have some affordances here for like previewing the experience. This is more relevant if you're doing web to app because then you can use our package selection. Um, here is where you can customize the pieces that are kind of revat UI and obviously uh we show you here which pieces are managed by paddle including the customer portal and the life cycle emails so you could uh go and kind of customize those on paddle side. >> Awesome. Uh, and then a question from Trent which I'll put on the screen. So, uh, can I attach a dynamic custom attribute to the web purchase button launched by a revenue cat in app payw wall have it pass via the payw wall SDK to paddle and surface in revenue cat's purchase event websocket? I need a bridge for app to web tracking. >> That is a great question. Um, so we do support uh custom attributes in web purchase links. Uh so you can pass arbitrary parameters uh through there. Uh I would actually have to check on the web purchase button side if there's the ability to to use that and and pass parameters through but I can definitely come back on that one. I I don't want to say for sure. >> Awesome. Um hopefully a quick easy one uh from Mantis. Can web purchases be done on Android Android as well or is it just iOS only? Yeah, the the short answer is uh we're working on it. Um this is a kind of evolving space. There's actually some ruling in the EU at the moment that is enforcing um some like affordances for for web purchasing, but it's still very very strict. So for example, uh I think if you if you deliver like an external purchasing, you you have to not use any uh Play Store uh purchasing at all. So you have to not use IP. Um we're hoping to add a web purchase button for Android as well. Um but to be honest right now I think it's very difficult for developers to to use that outside of some really narrow use cases or it's very difficult for it to make sense. So uh yes we're working on it and I think it will change still in in the future. >> Okay awesome. Um got a question here from Andy. Oh, this is this is a every product every person that works in product their favorite type of question related to roadmap and having to commit or not commit to something. So this one is about um yeah whether in the future we might be able to manage um subscriptions via paddle um through revenue cat's customer center uh feature. >> Yeah, I think so. Our philosophy on this is we want to be kind of as flexible as possible and kind of provider agnostic and our customer center already includes purchases from from different platforms. So yes, I don't see why we can't also add the the paddle purchases there as well. Uh it's just a case of us uh so we prioritize the web purchase button as kind of an early slice of this and we we still kind of have a beta label on that. I think there are other pieces of this that uh we'll be building out in the coming months, especially around web to app as well. Um so yes, I I think that will be there eventually. >> Awesome. Okay, great. And then a few questions that I've just been mopping up from from Discord. So um this one is uh I think we've had we've had this question a few times over the last few weeks as well. Um Andrew, definitely interested in your take on this. So, when we were showing the web purchase button, we had the kind of rudimentary save 30% by going and and making your purchase on the web. And kind of that assumption is because you're saving the 30% fee, you could discount your your price um by by that amount. But but in reality, like how should how should people that are maybe testing and experimenting this with the first for the first time think about pricing a subscription that users are going to pay pay for through the web via um what they pay if they they go down the inapp purchase route. >> Yeah. I mean, this really comes back to what you're optimizing for. Are you trying to move specifically move people across the web because you've got a philosophy that you're going to have higher retention there or, you know, there's another reason for doing that? Um, or is this just part of an experiment you're running and you want to test multiple things. So, I think there's really three approaches we're seeing. The first one is is kind of parity pricing where you're actually offering exactly the same um and trying to keep it really clear for the user that they can do it both ways and it's a benefit to them both ways because they can just choose what they want. Um, then there's the web discounted model, which is exactly what we saw here. It doesn't have to be the whole 30%. It could be a whole range of different things you're experimenting with there. And that's usually when you're trying to drive people across there for a strategic goal. Um, or you could look at some form of packaging option where there's actually perhaps, you know, often we see people when they have more B2B offerings move people onto web for team plans or plans that involve involve other features that might be correlated with more business or team usage. um and so they're using packaging in order to move people across. So you can't get those um on something that's only going to be bought in app. So there's a bunch of different ways you can look at that and definitely it depends on who you're targeting. Um it depends on what your goal is. Um but we are not seeing most of the apps that are using Paddle are not just dropping the fee and using that as the primary way to move across. They're trying to get a margin gain here as well. >> That might be a margin gain on the overall renewal and retention. It might not just be on the initial checkout. Yeah, that's that's a good point. Um, so so on that, what have you have have you seen um like what experiments have you seen people like people running? So once they've added web payments, what have you seen them experiment with? And maybe maybe Pu Ed, you've you've got some examples on this as well, but but any I'm just kind of thinking from somebody that's that's thinking about doing this for the first time, what would be a good um place to start experiment wise? Yeah, by default is just to start with web with par and then see what happens as you go through that renewal journey. But that's just because often I think the cons to the user is often what you're optimizing for here. You just want to keep it really clean and simple. But again, it depends per you might have a different approach there. >> No, I would pretty much agree with that. So, so the first but yeah. >> Yeah, maybe. Sorry. No, no, you go for it. I >> I was just going to say like maybe on top of that, I think the thing we're starting to see and it's I think it's still too early to there's no like um blueprint or rule book here yet. Um I I think if you think about it from a subscriber perspective, uh you you probably need some kind of incentive to to nudge users over to web. um because regardless of how frictionless it is, they they still need to click that button and go and and pay in a separate place. Um what that incentive is is still uh it could just be I've seen also adding a free trial on the web and not having a free trial on AP like that that can be enough, you know. Um >> yeah. >> Yeah. And it's obviously important to look look at what flow we're talking about here. Is it app to web or web to app? in the situation where it's web to app and we're marketing to them. Maybe they're coming from an ad to a landing page. There isn't a comparison in their mind versus the app store cost and therefore you know this conversation of is it $9.99 or both is moot because you're driving them to a separate channel and they're very unlikely to go and do a price comparison. >> Yeah. Okay. Super. Um Ed, I think this one is for you. So now that uh revenue cap payw wall support offer codes um wondering whether uh a paddle checkout could be configured to accept custom codes um and then as part of that would revenue cap surface that offer code in the websocket event if it even if it came from paddle. Yeah, we're uh this is super ambitious and I'm probably not allowed to talk about it, but we have big uh visions for how we can make kind of offer codes or promo codes uh much more universal in the future because the I think the solution here is obvious that you can kind of create coupons in a single place and then uh like issue platform either issue platform specific codes or like have truly universal codes. We're a little bit limited on the apps side there obviously. Um but on the web uh it's definitely possible. So hypothetically yes. Um but this would be an in the future thing and we're we're hoping to ship something there in the next let's say year. >> Nice. Well handled. Okay. Um All right. Great. So I mean we're almost almost at time. Uh so uh I don't see any other questions in the chat or from from Discord. Uh so yeah, Andrew, Ed, Peru, anything else you'd like to share before we before we wrap up? Anything anything else you want to add that we haven't we haven't touched on? >> The main thing from my side is that we're seeing a lot of people look at checkout conversion as their primary judgment metric. And I think you've got to look at the entire flow of what happens as people go and convert and then use and then whether they retain or not. Um so my main advice is to make sure you're measuring the cumulative effect of those various different conversion points rather than just looking at conver checkout conversion solely. Check out conversion is super important particularly if you're on an acquisition bent. Um but really make sure that you're judging you know the quality of those user cohorts uh rather than just whether they converted highly on that very first click. I I would add one thing uh when it comes to releasing your app or let's say that you've already released the app uh because Apple is a bit of a specific about these things the web subscription specifically uh in during ship the way you should approach this is that you first build the app perhaps even without inapp purchases at all and you release it in that version just to get it through and know that your app like passes everything else. Then at inner purchases, submit it for review. If that goes through, all good. You don't necessarily have to have to release it yet, but then work on the the web subscription adding those, for example. So that way you always have something you can release uh in in case you run into problems with Apple being specific about something. >> Yeah, that's a very good point. Ed, anything from you? >> Uh, please experiment and share your findings. We're all figuring this out together uh on the iOS side at least. Um, and yeah, we'd be interested to kind of work with anyone who's run some experiments around this and and what they've discovered. So, yeah, exciting times. >> Awesome. All right. Well, we're at the top of the hour, so we'll we'll draw it to a close there. Thank you, Andrew. Thank you very much for doing I know I know you got back from holiday like this morning um your time. So thank you for for jumping on uh and and running this super super helpful to to hear from you and have you have you on this. So thank you and also thank you to Paddle for being a sponsor of Shipon. So um if you aren't aware already paddle have been kind enough to include a special offer uh for people taking part in Shipon details of which are in your ship kit that you get sent when you sign up. Um, we also have members, I think I mentioned at the top, we have members of the paddle team in the Discord channel. So, any problems or issues accessing that offer or if you need any more support on anything related to Paddle or the web, Discord uh is the place to go. You'll find um yeah, revenue cap people and paddle people um in there ready to help you. Um a quick plug for Thursday. We're back on Thursday morning um Pacific time, lunchtime, uh East Coast, and and evening UK. Um so, we're back with a Oh, a surprise. Charlie, he's come. He's come to to take take take control back from us. Um so yeah, Charlie, why don't you tell everybody where where you are and what's coming on Thursday. >> Uh yeah, I'm you might even you can probably hear it in the background here. I'm coming at you from gate P8 at uh SFO in San Francisco on my way home from all the traveling. Um but yes, Thursday uh Ve uh I actually don't know how to pronounce his last name. I'm realizing he's going to join us. He is like a super expert at payw wall design. Uh, and basically I'm just going to use it as a way to ask him a million questions. Um, but all of you can join as well and ask them questions. And then uh, Mobin, uh, I think I'm pronouncing that right. They are another sponsor of the Shipon and they're going to join and show you how you can use their platform to help you with design and in particular uh, payw wall design. So yeah, that's what we got going on. Uh, yeah, I couldn't help but jump in. gorgeous. >> Oh, it's nice. It's nice to see you back. It's nice to see your face back on one of these live streams. So, um yeah, it's great. So, safe travels, Charlie. Safe travels getting getting home. Um Andrew, Ed Pu, thank you again for joining and uh yeah, we'll see everyone else um very soon. Thank you. Thanks. Cheers, guys.