customer success manager, is that your title? Something like that. Yeah, you know what Yeah, yeah, we all do everything here. And then, very excitedly, Joshua Hollander is joining us from OneSignal. Thank you Thank you for joining us, Joshua. >> Yeah, excited to be here. >> Um and I I have the YouTube live stream in another tab, and so I'm hearing my own voice playing back to me right now, which is always exciting. We got that sorted out. All right. So, before we get into uh today's webinar, which is really focused on on OneSignal, which is going to be really awesome. Couple things to sort of start us off. If you can go ahead Oh, you did go to the next slide. Here, I'll go ahead and put that full screen. So, uh on Discord, we have a Shipitown live channel that you can ask questions in. I'll be in there the whole time monitoring and bringing the questions to to the group. So, please jump in there and ask questions. You can also ask questions if you're in the live stream webinar. There's a chat, but there's also a separate questions section. And if you ask them in there, it'll be a little bit easier to to see them, you know, floated above. So, if you're in Livestorm, definitely ask them in there. But, if you're in the Discord, use the Shipitown live channel, and I'll be monitoring that the whole time as well. Also, I want to talk about what's kind of going on in the the world of Shipitown. So, there's as there has been the whole time, there's a lot of build in public energy happening. And this time I wanted to highlight some of the stuff I've seen on YouTube. So, uh Niv Ben Parath, he's been building an app on YouTube and doing kind of a regular uh vlog, so to speak, as he builds that. And that that's been really fun. I'd check that out. Also, there's a bunch of really cool shorts going on. And I wanted to highlight uh uh Nikolai. He's doing a language learning app and I don't know, something about his videos have been charming to me. Like, he did one This one you can see he's just like sitting in a car talking about what he's doing. He did one which he's just on this lake early morning with like fog rising in the distance. Uh very, very cool. But, also the app he's building has been awesome and so uh definitely check him out. And then I have to I have to call out uh Red Gregory. He was our uh build in public winner last year and this year he is absolutely at it again with his uh daily vlogs. And so, those are great to check out. Um also just all of these are great like learning opportunities um if you're trying to learn how to how to build in public. So, definitely recommend checking those out. And then also uh we have some Ship 30 Ton IRL IRL events uh happening throughout the world coming up soon. Uh so, if you're in Canada in Vancouver, there's a Core Coffee event happening uh August 10th. And then um in California, there's a Ship 30 Ton I always say this wrong. Is it Encinitas? In How do you Do you know how to say Encinitas? >> Encinitas. >> Encinitas. Okay. I just All I know is I'm saying it wrong and I can hear people laughing at me uh through the stream every time I say it. But, uh there's an event going on there uh with with a bunch of Revenue Cats uh will be there as well um on August 19th. And then uh in Melbourne, uh there's a Ship 30 Ton event with Melbourne CocoaHeads on August 20th. Uh so, those are some of the ones that are coming up. Uh but, definitely check out our ship30ton.com / IRL events, I think. It's It's on the main website. >> Uh No, never mind. >> But, no, live is the webinars. Um I know. We have We're doing too many things all at once here. Uh which is which is as which is what we do here. Our our internal theme at Revenue Cat is uh more is more. And uh we're definitely doing that with the Ship 30 Ton. Um so, yeah. So, those are the events that are kind of coming up. Uh so, now let's go ahead and kick it over to Brennan and Joshua to talk about um, OneSignal and how you can utilize this for uh, for your app and there's a special category just for that. So, definitely worth worth checking out. I'm excited to hear this. >> Yeah, and I would say that's kind of another thing we really want to achieve today is just making it clear that there's a big award for using OneSignal. Not to mention there's just some really obvious reasons to integrate OneSignal this early in the process as well. As a way to, you know, hopefully get some more revenue and then which will help your chances of winning the overall Ship It On Awards as well. So, that's what we're going to talk about today. I don't know Joshua, do you want to go over the agenda? Do you want me to lead that? >> Yeah, happy to do it. So, I think we've already done the introductions, but we're going to really jump into why does messaging matter for new apps? So, highlight what are we here for? What are the opportunities that really present themselves and why should you think about this early in the process of the development? From there we'll jump into some real life, hey, how do I use messaging to be successful in different stages? And so, we'll really walk through that onboarding first touch point, if you will, trying to keep take people from a trial conversion to paying and then ultimately what do your paywall strategies look like? And then lastly, preventing churn with reengagement. And the goal being how do you take data from RevenueCat, put that into OneSignal and then ultimately execute against all of these strategies in the most easy way possible. Uh, and ask questions throughout, please. We're happy to to try to answer as many as we can, but we'll definitely have a Q&A section at the end of this. So, just in way of quick orchestration, if you want to go ahead and build the slide for me. So, OneSignal is an orchestration layer. You're starting to hear the term messaging layer more and more now, but we're really here to drive customer engagement. We want to help you guys as you're thinking about the strategy of your app, both get people into the app, understanding how to use the app, and then getting them back into the app so that they stay with you long term. Uh and sometimes that means you're driving more app impressions, sometimes it means you're using the paywalls. It really just depends on the monetization strategy of each of those different sections of the lifecycle. And so, we've got the six distinct channels that you see here that allow you to to really focus on um how to achieve those goals. We're going to focus predominantly today on the mobile push and in-app messaging, but in reality, all of these different channels can work together in a very seamless way to make sure you're retaining customers or players or fans or fitness addicts, uh just depending on what you're ultimately trying to do. Uh if you go forward, you can see we've been around for about 10 years now, and we've been very successful. Uh we we've had a lot of fortunate opportunities to work with big companies and small companies. We actually started as a gaming company, uh and our founders realized there was a lot of a problem when it came to being able to easily implement push notifications, that was their channel of choice, to be able to retain their players. Uh and so, when they started looking at all the different options out there, realized there wasn't a great one, and they were going to build that. And like all great companies, they made a pivot away from building games towards how are we going to do this in a what's called product-led growth or PLG fashion. So that any single developer would have the ability to take full advantage of this all the way up to the massive logos you see on the right-hand side of the screen there. Uh and we're very fortunate. We send over 12 billion messages a day. Uh it's an unbelievable volume of messages. We have more than 2 million Uh I'm sorry, marketers and developers, and we're in one in five apps now launching uh in the app stores. And so, just absolutely massive opportunity for you guys to start to take advantage of the learnings we've seen over the course of those 10 years and be successful right from the get-go. Yeah. So, in reiterating, uh we're really excited to be partnering with RevenueCat on the Ship-a-Thon. And so, we are sponsoring the OneSignal Boost Award. Uh and so, there are five places available. Uh the criteria are you have to submit a new uh app with OneSignal implemented in it as part of that um process. I think it had to be submitted after August 1st and before September 30th or something like that. I don't remember the exact date. Keep me honest here, Brendan. >> I wish I I don't know the end date either. Charlie I'm sure knows the drop. But like, yeah, that's the general idea is it has to first time be shipped after August 1st and then there's a cut-off date. So. >> Perfect. Perfect. Uh and then you can see the the first place is quite lucrative. Uh very nice amount of money the $20,000. Uh you get the After Party invite, the shippy trophy, but you also get a billboard in Times Square. Uh so, great opportunity to to build the brand of that app quickly and get a lot of eyes. Uh as you know, that's just a massive traffic area. And if you go forward one more, uh in an effort to help you guys be successful in the building out, we are giving away 3 months of uh services to anybody who's leveraging this. Uh and so, you'll get unlocked to some of our kind of paywalled features around journeys. We're going to talk about that in a bit bit a bit around automations and then our multi-channel messaging. So, again, in-app messaging push notifications. Um this is about 50,000 MAU a month. If we're able to hit that uh for you guys that quickly, that'd be amazing. Great growth uh quick. So, definitely take a look at the onesignal.com/shipton. Uh go in there, there's a offer code you can claim uh and take full advantage of it. >> Great. Uh it's really cool, by the way. I mean, I think implementing something like OneSignal is a no-brainer to begin with and just the extra incentive on top, um I think just really uh makes it worthwhile. Uh real quick, before we get into the rest of the content, maybe a lot of you know RevenueCat, maybe a lot of you have stumbled on this live stream randomly. So, just a quick overview, you know, what we do. We help apps make more money. Um you know, you can see here, we got a lot of big logos and uh you know, we're in over 50,000 consumer subscription apps. We track more than 8 billion dollars and you know, subscriptions and other types of revenue coming through those apps and obviously make a lot of API calls to do that. Um and then, you know, when you think about RevenueCat, I like to just point out there's kind of these three buckets of features and benefits you get by using RevenueCat. First piece is around infrastructure, just making it as easy as possible to manage your subscriptions and you know, even one-time purchases, consumables, non-consumables, and even things like virtual currency tracking and credit tracking now, if that's a way you're monetizing your app. You know, that's all part of the infrastructure piece, just so you don't have to worry about that. You can just worry about building, you know, features that your users want. Uh the second bucket would be data and analysis. So, we've got, you know, our dashboard with a lot of charts that help you track your growth. Um you know, especially early on, you'll probably just glued to those charts or to the notifications that tell you someone started a free trial or someone just converted to paid. Um and you know, RevenueCat powers all of that for you, as well as any other kind of data channels that you might be interested in. So, you know, our integrations, like we have with OneSignal, you know, we have other um you know, different data exports and ways to get data out of RevenueCat and maybe drop it into your own data warehouse. So, that whole data and analysis piece. And then, the third piece is growth. And this kind of takes a lot of shapes, you know, it could be experimentation. Maybe you want to test different pricing. Maybe you want to test different paywalls. We'll also help you build those paywalls and will allow you to remotely configure all of this stuff so that you don't have to release a new version of the app every time. But you know, a lot of other things could kind of fall into the growth bucket. But this is how we think about helping you make more money is you know, infrastructure, data and analysis, and growth. And in terms of how you know, RevenueCat and OneSignal work together, it's pretty straightforward. You know, we've got some good docs on this and I'll walk you through step-by-step in terms of how to enable the integration. But you know, essentially what's going to happen is once you're integrated, RevenueCat is going to send you know, important events to OneSignal that you can then use to trigger different types of campaigns. You know, and those types of campaigns are what we're going to walk through today. And so, yeah, like I said, it's you know, it's a very popular integration with a lot of RevenueCat customers already. And we've got a lot of people using it for the exact things that we're going to show you here in a second. But before that, quickly you know, why messaging matters for new apps? So, obviously retention begins on day zero. This is a chart from our latest subscription state of subscription apps report showing the percentage of trial cancellations by day. And you know, there's a lot of information on here not like looking to drive home the exact numbers. Just you can see the trend though. You know, whether you're offering a three-day trial, seven-day, 14-day, 30-day. You can see the majority of the cancellations happen in the beginning. And you know, probably unsurprisingly to those of us who are very familiar with mobile apps, a lot of those cancellations happen the very first time the user uses your app. Right? They go in, maybe they start that trial and they immediately cancel it just cuz they don't want it to convert or they want to have more control over it converting. So, you know, that retention begins on day zero and you really have to prove your worth as soon as the user starts using it. And then you know, the second thing is converting users to paid is hard. So, even if you do get them to start that trial or get them to try your app, you know, actually getting them to you know, start a paid subscription is hard. And again, don't focus too much on the numbers here, but this is broken out by two different types of monetization methods. One where it's a freemium model, users can get in and do some stuff without you know, ever having to convert to paid on a paywall. And then there's a hard paywall where essentially you can't do anything without there being a paywall. Obviously, the hard paywall converts better. Doesn't necessarily mean that's the better one for your business. Obviously, you know, thinking about your users, what your app does, how you want to monetize is going to sort of drive what strategy you use here. But the point is the same either way. You know, we've got some outliers, you know, on the hard paywall side, you know, some of the top 10 percentile, they convert at 39% to paid. But that's rare. You know, most people are going to be that average of 12.1 on the hard paywall or even worse on a freemium model of 2.2. So, yeah, converting users to paid is hard. Anything you can do to help encourage them to convert is going to be worthwhile. And then finally, you know, you can also win them back. You know, even if you do convert them and then they leave and they churn, you do have a chance to win them back. And this chart broken down by different categories, but it's just showing you what percentage of churners do reactivate within that first year. And maybe a lot of these reactivate on their own because, you know, maybe it's a seasonal app and you know, their bike riding season's over and they're going to come back next year and subscribe to your you know, bike mapping app. Or maybe they were just incentivized to reactivate, right? And I think that is where you know, we're going to talk today about how do you win these users back? How do you reactivate them? What are some things you can do to encourage it to make sure you stay top of mind. And when they are thinking about using something like your app again, you're the first app they think of. So, yeah, those are kind of the three reasons that it's worthwhile thinking about, you know, different strategies um for engaging your users. And with that, let's jump into three, you know, what we would call essential campaigns uh for hackathon stage apps, right? So, these are campaigns that would make sense for everyone who's participating in Ship-a-Thon. They're campaigns that are really easy to implement. So, you know, it's not a heavy lift, and they could have a potential big impact. Um not to mention the impact of also, you know, potentially winning the OneSignal award. So, uh yeah, let's jump into those. Um first bucket's going to be user Oh, yeah, I'll hand it over to you, Joshua. That's a good chance to >> Yeah, so we'll really kind of map it as the life cycle goes forward for your customers. Uh and so, we'll start with user activation, the first impression. Uh and so, if we go to the next slide, you know, 86% of people say they're more likely to stay loyal to a business that's welcoming and educational onboarding content. Um and so, what that really means is they want to understand, I'm in this new app, help me understand it. What is the value? What am I going to do? How am I going to use it? And ultimately, why is it going to add utility? And then the top apps see a 30% increase in paid users per download. So, looking at the data that Branch is showing, obviously, we want to help get there faster. Uh and so, it all starts with the first impression. Uh and so, if you go forward, there's really three pieces that ultimately goes into a well-designed onboarding process. First and foremost, you've got to educate. You have to help them understand what is the app's features, how do you navigate it, and then what does it take to a perform a central task. So, uh I think I saw there was a fitness app or a fitness game um suggested in the the chat. Great example there is, hey, what is unique about this? What are the different ways you're going to create a routine? What are the ways you're going to engage with the app? And at what point is that paywall going to hit? It is very important to be very forthright with that information because people don't want to be surprised, and you don't want to just lose people because they didn't realize something was coming. Next, it's engage. You're creating a brand. You want to make sure whatever you're doing represents that brand and is something that people are going to want to connect to. And so, we'll talk a little bit about what the design components of this look like. And then finally, enable. How do you get them to build the habits and actually follow the steps that you've outlined to be able to get into the app, see the value of the app, the utility, and then move forward with it. And so, we'll jump into the next one and we'll really start with kind of that first experience. So, when you download an app for the first time, there's really two approaches people take. There's either that educational approach, which we highly recommend, or the "Hey, do you want to sign up, give us a login, or give us push permission prompts right away?" And you do not want to do the latter. That's That's really kind of just missing an opportunity. You know, I I always try to to make cheesy metaphors. Think about it as, you know, you're at the bar, you're going around, you're trying to to pick up somebody, a partner of some sort, and if you just go and go, "Hey, you want to go out?" That's not going to work. You got to start with the kind of easing them into it a bit. And it's no different here. And so, we have the product that we call in-app messaging, and it is an interstitial that you can completely design whether it's HTML or drag and drop to match your brand to the T. And so, when somebody comes in, you can very quickly start to educate them on why are you unique? What is the way to use this app? What are the different things you can expect to see using this app? If you're a game, what's the gameplay? How do you actually play? Walk them through the different steps and actually give them the experience in a guided way rather than just throwing them into doing it. Once you've reached a point where it's like, okay, they should understand why they're going to play, what they're going to get, or what that game play looks like, that's when you can actually make the ask. You can ask for the permission to be able to send them push notifications. Apple and Android at this point both require that opt-in from the users. And so, this is a very key moment in the life cycle of your app. If you do not get people to opt-in, you're going to lose that ability to continue to communicate with them and bring them back into the app. Same goes if you're trying to get notification services or anything like that. And so, we have built out these products to allow you guys to be able to create that experience in a very seamless way, but even more importantly, protect that very valuable, as you see on the far right side there, the the native prompt. Once somebody has said no to that native prompt or don't allow, it's very hard to get them to ultimately opt-in again. So, we'll help you guys protect that so that you're not losing those opportunities. When we see people following these best practices, we see a 27% boost in retention because they're getting more people that opt into the push subscriptions, which allows them to communicate, and then they have a reduction in the number of churn. So, you saw Brendan's chart earlier. No different for the number of people who come into your app in day one and then never Sorry, day zero and never come back in day one. That's a massive drop-off, and I think the best apps at this point are really only maintaining about 4 to 7% of their users come day 30. We want to help you guys do better than that. And so, if you go forward one, >> Real quick, I have a question, Joshua. So, these screens we're seeing here, that's like enable location services, enable notifications, are these built with One Signal? >> They are. They are. So, this is that HTML or drag-and-drop experience where with the SDK that you would load, you have the ability to say, I want to push this onto the app or the page at different points in the process. And by doing so, again, we're talking about it from an onboarding perspective, but you can do it anywhere in the process. If somebody's reached a certain number of workouts and you want to congratulate them with a big on-screen, you can do that. And you can set all the triggers and the rules to say, when you see this, do that. >> Got it. That's cool. >> Yeah. So, again, there's really three main ways to think about this. There's the function oriented, instruct, engage, educate the users, take them from a guided app tour. It's really the the path you're going to choose is dependent upon how difficult is your app to use, what are the specifics of your app, or what is that experience you're trying to create. Benefits oriented. So, communication of value app. Why instead of how? Always put the user in the center. Don't make it about you, don't make it about your app. Make it about how are they going to get something from the app. When you do that, you're going to have the right type of experience. And then that progressive onboarding. This is really what we see in gaming and other worlds, where it's you've got to build over time on your usage. And so, serve them the information that's going to help them progress through it. So, whether that's, you know, complex gameplay or gameplay that requires multiple screens, multiple sessions, whether that's looking at, hey, there's a gamification component to this. As you get this many workouts, you can achieve this status, things like that. Don't be afraid to lean into those types of things. That's what makes you unique in your app, but it's also the things that you know are going to be that hook to keep them in the app and keep them using it often so that they come back and continue to stay as part of your your new program. Okay. So, we've got them in the app. They know how to use it. Now we need to get them from a first-time downloader into a trial and then ultimately to payment. Uh and so if you go forward, this is where it really starts to be a connection between RevenueCat and OneSignal. Um as RevenueCat alluded to earlier, we are collecting very important data points directly from the RevenueCat experience. So, if you know somebody has a subscription, it's really important to understand where are they in that particular uh life cycle about the subscription. A trial versus an expired trial versus a previous paid subscription versus an active subscription. All of these different scenarios are going to just need a different type of communication. Uh and so what we allow you guys to do is taking that data from RevenueCat, it flows directly into OneSignal, it connects it to the user level so that we can then say, "Here's where they are in the life cycle." And then you define what is that journey, what is that flow of messages that we want to send to them to ultimately keep them engaged in that trial, see value in the trial, and then hopefully give us the the right to continue to charge them on a monthly, annual basis, whatever that looks like. And so actually take a look now at what does that look like in the OneSignal kind of flow. Uh and so you can see here we're really focusing on a free trial user on RevenueCat. So, the idea being they've come in, they've opted in for push notifications cuz we did a really good experience on that first impression. Now, we're getting the data from RevenueCat to understand this person is a new user on a trial and we're trying to get them to an initial purchase. So, the left-hand side is a representation of our Journeys product. Um what it allows you to do is say, "Hey, when I see somebody is in this stage, put them into a flow that follows the following." Uh and I always describe our Journeys to people as think about it, guys. You have a start, where are they right now, and then what is the goal I'm trying to create? What is the ultimate outcome I want to achieve? So, it's it's like a campaign. Um and in this instance, it's I want to get somebody from a free trial to a paid trial. Uh so, when we get that trigger that says, "Hey, Brandon has started a free trial." that's going to put him directly into this journey. And once you created the journey and connected the data appropriately, very easy to do, this is going to flow automatically. From there, we'll send a push notification. It's a welcome. It's hey, we appreciate you joining the community. There's a lot to offer. Click here to to find, you know, what is your first workout? Or what does it take to get to the first level of the game? Um we'll send that message. What is so beautiful about the Journeys product? It is looking at everything in real time. It's looking at the data RevenueCat's passing us for real time. It's looking at how are they engaging with different types of messages, and what other behavioral data are they passing to allow us to understand where are they in the life cycle. And what that allows us to do is make sure we're getting the right messages to them at the right time. I actually defined this 4 hours here right now, but if somebody got my first message and has already paid me, there is no reason for me to send them trials back, too. And so, we've got the right rules in place to say, "Nope, RevenueCat has told us they're now on a paid subscription. We're going to take them out of this journey and move them into another journey so that they are now focused on the retention side." We'll get to that in a bit. But, if they haven't, we're going to wait a bit of time. We're going to send them the next notification. We'll look at that again and say, "What have they done based on the notifications we've sent?" And you can see we're either taking them down a branch that says, "Yep, they've upgraded." or "No, they haven't upgraded, so let's send them a third message." Uh and so, again, real-time data becomes so important in the value between our uh our integrations to allow you to make sure you're getting to the right people and not messaging them something that is completely off base in terms of, "Hey, I've already converted my trial. Why are you sending me more notifications?" So, if we go forward one, we're going to hope technology works. It's always a crapshoot, but we got a video here showing you of what does it actually look like in the platform. So, that subscription status is trial is the tag that comes to us directly from RevenueCat. We're using that to create the trigger of the journey that you're seeing here. And so, each of these are nodes. They're click, drag and drop, very easy to create. Right-hand side now, you can see this is where you define that criteria. I'm essentially saying, "I want to put anybody who is in the RevenueCat trial status into it, and then I want the exit rules to be somebody who's reached a paywall." And then, we start to show, "Okay, we can do split branches, we can look for inclusions of do they have other behavioral data they've shown us," and start to get really detailed in the way that we start to approach this. We're showing in that example just two branches, but you have the ability to branch branches off of branches, AB test. There's a lot of different things you can do, which is so important in the early stages of your app, so that you figure out what is the right type of messaging to be able to resonate with the users, as well as what is the flow that's ultimately going to get them to convert. Okay. Now, we're going to go into the area that is actually really near and dear to my heart. Everything we've talked about is really important, but the worst thing that can happen is we have a paid user who leaves us. And so, we really want to talk about how do we prevent churn, but also think about re-engaging those who did churn. So, if we go to the next one, everybody's seen stats like this. This is the latest from our marketing surveys that we've done, but reducing churn by 5% can increase profitability by 75%. It is such a small movement that you have to make in terms of your attention numbers to be able to create a much higher profitability. Brendan and I live this day to day, uh live in customer success, so we we very much resonate with it, but I hope you guys see think about it early in the process as well, because it's going to have a very material impact in the long term. So, uh understanding your user churn. There's two types of churn I really think about. There's active churn, I don't want to do this anymore, I'm going in, I am canceling. That's a very different type of use case than a passive churn, something's changed. I've got a new phone, I have got a credit card that's expired. We have to approach all these in different ways, cuz the more we can do to tailor the messaging to what is happening to that particular person, the more likely we are to be successful in getting them to either switch back to it or get them to activate again on a new device or whatever that particular industry uh instance may be. So, let's go forward to another slide. Um be relevant, provide value. Uh this you have the ability in create segments. And so, we can look at each of these different types of groups of why did they churn or the data that's being passed to us from RevenueCat to say, group these people together. Uh and that's where you want to start. You want to segment them based on that behavior, the preference, or the demographics. That gives you the starting ground of, okay, now I can send the right type of message to them. The next layer down becomes, what is the type of message you're going to send? So, is it engagement, get them to do more, you've got more matches if you're a dating uh app, your weekly progress report in the fitness world, or hey, we haven't gotten this person back into the app, they were a paying customer at one time, let's give them 10% off their next lesson or 10% off their next whatever it is. There's a lot of different ways to approach people based on why did they leave? Now, the ones I'm showing here, they're pretty generic. The other beautiful thing about uh the partnership with RevenueCat is because we have so much of the data, we have the ability to actually personalize these. And so, we can look at how long has it been since their last workout? How long has it been since they reached a new level in the game? And using that kind of data, you start to personalize it not only based on, "Hey Brandon," but you're also saying, "It's been this long. You don't want to lose your streak." And things like that. And so, again, it goes back to the gamification idea that you can take full advantage of the data that you have stored, whether it's a data warehouse, whether it's directly One Signal, we can capture that, or it's being captured in RevenueCat. Leverage that data and make sure you're creating an experience that's holistic and really ties together both the, "I know where you are in the life cycle. I know what you've done with me in the past, and I'm going to personalize to your specific experience." >> Yeah, and this pairs really nicely with RevenueCat's targeting functionality, too. So, you know, that specific bullet point there of, you know, get 10% off your next lesson, um you know, RevenueCat will empower you to set it up so that those users see that specific paywall with that 10% off offer. So, you know, again, you know, it's a way to not necessarily to avoid offering all your users a 10% discount and to only offer those users who fit that specific criteria that you want to offer a discount to. And so, yeah, you know, the two tools again work together really well in that regard where, you know, RevenueCat will allow you to build specific paywalls, um and then, you know, you can use One Signal to build the messaging and then to, you know, trigger the paywall that you want to show. >> Yeah. And if we go to the next slide, this is a perfect view of that. Uh and so, we don't want to give everybody a discount, right? We have a rack rate for for a reason. We know that's the number that makes sense. Uh and so, this is an example of using a yes/no branch to say, "Hey, how has this person behaved in the past? Based on that, we're going to then decide, do we offer them an incentive or do we not offer them an incentive?" Uh and so, that allows you to keep that little bit back. 10% may not seem like a lot, but as you start to aggregate that up, it's going to start to be a pretty meaningful amount of revenue. Uh and so we want to protect you guys and put you in a position where you can send messages that are focused on value and reasons to join again before you jump immediately to that discount offer. Try to save that for when does it make the most sense and when do I have to use it versus just giving it away from the very beginning. My last slide here, uh for me at least, is really a case study. Uh so Rapchat, for those of you who aren't familiar, is a music um application very similar to a SoundCloud, uh if you're familiar with that. And so they're a partner of both RevenueCat and OneSignal, and they've been very successful in their ability to look at what is the status of a particular user, how long have they been paying, are they in their free trial, and taking that data to customize the life cycle within OneSignal. Uh and so they do a great job using in-app journeys triggered based on how many files has somebody uploaded, how many tracks has somebody listened to, to really say, "Okay, I know what's happening with them. Now's the right time to present a paid subscription. Now's the right time to talk about the trial to ultimately get them in and then try to convert them." Uh and so we've been partnering with them for I think it's upward of 5 years now. Um and so just tons of success in terms of getting a lot of people off to pay for subscriptions. Uh they use us for email, not something we talked about a lot today, but email's a very powerful uh vehicle, folks. I know people like to think how email's dead. The reality though of email is it lives across your desktop, it lives across your phone, and it's going to be the first thing you attach when you get a new phone. So we're approaching iPhone season very rapidly. One of the hardest hit seasons is everybody gets their new phones, if they do not open that app, even though it got transferred into the new phone, you're not going to be able to communicate to them because the push token, which is the way we communicate, is no longer active. It has to get reestablished. Email is a great way to get people back into those phones. You can send an email, if you have email addresses, to those users saying it's been a while since we've seen you. Maybe you got a new phone. Don't forget to open up the app and get the value of this. Get the benefit of that. Uh and it's a great way to trigger that opening of the app again and get them live again. Uh and so that's something that Rapchat's done very well and I very much recommend to you guys as something to explore as you continue to mature in your app strategy to get traction. >> Yeah, and I would say if you want more details on what Rapchat's doing, I think you just Google like One Signal RevenueCat Rapchat. You're going to find this case study and um there's a lot more details in there from Seth Miller, uh founder, maybe co-founder, uh of Rapchat. And so and Seth's a great follow on X as well if you're there. Um yeah, then I pulled this together uh just you know, we talked about a lot of stuff today and I hope like you're building your app, you've got a lot to think about. I just wanted to kind of like distill it down to, you know, what's the quickest way and probably the highest impact way for you to start using One Signal to, you know, improve your odds of, you know, winning Ship a Ton. Um and so these are the ones I would focus on and kind of highlighting where they fit into the user life cycle. Um so you know, user activation, this event, you know, if you have trials, this would be a trial start. not doing trials, this would be an initial purchase, but um you know, especially at like these early stages of building an app, it goes a long way to send a message, especially, you know, talking about email, um you know, sending an email from your personal email address that's just like, "Hey, welcome to the app. Super glad you're here. If you have any questions or need any help, just respond to this, you know, I see these. Um I'm glad to help." Like just kind of establishing that early on uh is like one of the easiest things you can do. Um and of course you can trigger that and automate all of that, um you know, with OneSignal. Uh and then conversion, thinking about, you know, what's the easiest thing to do here? So, you know, in instances where you're getting a trigger around cancellations, again, could be a trial cancellation, could be um uh an actual purchase cancellation. But, you know, some sort of message just like, "Hey, sorry to see you go. Was something missing?" You know, these are new apps, maybe they're buggy. And like this is a way for you to get users, rather than going to the App Store and leaving you bad reviews about your app crashing, uh maybe they'll just tell you directly uh if you can reach out to them when they canceled. So, uh you know, another campaign I'd recommend. Then we got two engagement campaigns, and these are really going to depend on the content of your app. But, you know, some behavior should probably be a trigger for you to, you know, send a mat- a message that's going to be valuable and useful to the user. You know, the concept I have here is, you know, if you had a dating app, it'd be like, "Hey, you've got three new matches." Something like that. But, you know, think about your app, think about what makes sense. Uh you know, you're not looking to spam users, but thinking about like what is some valuable thing I can use to to keep the users engaged. And then similarly, you know, maybe there's an activity summary as well, you know, if it's a workout app, maybe there's some weekly stats or something you could you could send. Um and then, you know, another final one that probably makes sense for everyone uh who's listening to this is, you know, something around an expiration event. And so, an expiration is they actually lost access to the app. They canceled their subscription, reached the end of its period, and it expired. And so, this is where kind of those win-back campaigns can come uh useful become useful, and especially offering different types of discounts to these types of users. Um so, you know, we'd love to have you back, here's a special offer, a special discount. Yeah, and then with that, think we can open it up to Q&A. And and I don't know, Charlie, if you found any interesting questions as we were going along. >> Yeah, we've gotten uh we've gotten quite a few. So, uh maybe to start um question from the discord from Franklin. He was asking for the the OneSignal award. It specifically says we're looking for apps that have an impactful use of OneSignal. They were asking what what does impactful mean? KPI, some kind of stats, like is there a specific thing that we're looking for? >> Yeah, great question. I think we're really looking for are you using it in a way that's going to make the app more robust, make it a better user experience, and then ultimately are you able to get people to engage and continue to use the features of and so there's not we're looking for this many subscriptions or we're looking for this many messages sent anything like that. It's going to be a combination of are you adding utility to the app and are you doing it in a way that's potentially unique and interesting. I'd love to tell you I have all the answers. I've seen a lot of answers. I have a little bit of a lie about that, but there's always new things coming up and we love to see those novel ideas and we're hoping you guys come up with something new and interesting as well so we can feature you on something like this in next year. >> Yeah, I think my almost annoying answer for a lot of these questions regarding all the award categories has been like there's a big focus on storytelling. Like you we're not looking for one specific metric cuz you can gain a metric. We're looking for like tell us why this metric matters to you and how you know, using this tool or or whatever it is actually moved that number for you and that's almost like a bigger deal than just one specific metric. All right, so moving on from Fionn Guala. They asked would you use the in-app messages during onboarding in place of onboarding views in the app. >> So, I think onboarding views is like I think you're referencing hard-coded screens in the app. And an absolute yes. So, worst part about those hard-coded is every time you want to go make a change, whether it's brand name or it's promotional offer, anything like that, it is going to require an App Store update. And that takes time, both in terms of you having to code it, it going to the App Store, getting approval, and then everybody having to download the app and update the app. With OneSignal's in-app message, since it goes through the SDK, you do not have to do an App Store update. And that becomes a huge time saver from your engineering side, as well as how long does it take to get that live and be able to take advantage of it. >> Sweet. And then, related, and this is actually two different questions I'll kind of combine here. Um, can you create an entire onboarding flow using RevenueCat {slash} OneSignal? For example, how do you capture the user's email address, and how does that impact initial subscription conversion? Does asking for an email address introduce friction? And then, maybe related is somebody asked, how many OneSignal flows can we make? >> Yes. So, um, how many flows can you make? I believe we give you 10 journeys with what we are giving access to, um, and those are the the flows we were we were looking at. I can double-check and we can confirm, but I'm fairly confident that it it's 10. Um, can you create an entire onboarding flow? So, uh, yeah, absolutely. RevenueCat becomes the the data source for when to start the flow, or we can simply use that first session to do it. Um, you can use our in-app messaging product as we are showing to not only capture the push permissions, the notification permissions. You can actually add free form fields in there. And so email capture being another one of those opportunities that you can take advantage of. You will see drop off. Anytime you ask somebody for information, I don't care where it is in the app, what's life cycle stage they're at, there's going to be some sort of drop off. I don't have exact numbers in terms of what that impact would be, but you know, it goes back to that have you earned the right. If you shown enough value, enough utility in that ongoing process that you gone or shown up to the point where you're asking for the email address. Then I think it's going to be worth it. And you know, there's there's a lot of different ways to approach it. It just ultimately depends on what is that app, what are you guys trying to do, and is there a real reason for them to give you an email address. If you're just asking it, you don't feel like there's a reason to give it or you haven't earned that right, you're going to see a much bigger drop off than those who clearly I need this to be able to to move forward. >> Yeah, that makes sense. We just got one from Nate Chef on Discord and they said my apps use of push notifications isn't something that's really marketing related, but reliability of push notification delivery is important. This may not be a candidate for the OneSignal Boost Award, but would it make sense to still use OneSignal for this and why? >> Uh, let me a minute to think about that. >> Sorry, I may have said that quickly. It's in the questions kind of at the top here. >> Yeah, I'm looking at it now. >> So I think they're probably using it for like transactional. That would be my guess. Use cases. >> Yeah. 100%. That is one of the most valuable use cases. It is not the the sexiest use case, but from a user experience perspective, it is one of the most important. Uh, Um you think about fintech apps. I want to know when my trade's gone through. I want to know 2FA logins. Uh if you're doing a gaming app and somebody's attacking your base, I want to know immediately somebody's attacking my base so I can go in and do something to protect myself. Uh and so if we're talking about transactional messages, yes, it is so important. And uh we didn't cover it today, but it is something that is very easily set up. Again, using the data from RevenueCat, you can trigger uh whether it's the journeys that we talked about and the transactional messages in there, whether it's with our APIs. There's a lot of ways to go about that, but um yes, this is very important. Everybody should do that. Table stakes for billing purposes, all the different things that you would expect a transactional message for. >> Yeah, so I would gloss over that. We just really focused on like the the growth use cases and not the other things that OneSignal powers. Um but yeah, I I thought I'd pull up the slide because, you know, I think it's worth calling out. I see live activities on here as well. Um >> Yeah. So live activities is actually a really interesting one for um I'll use fitness apps. If you're familiar with the Peloton app, if you're out in a live walk, live run, things like that, the little thing at the bottom of the screen is actually a live activity. If you follow Major League Baseball and you get the baseball game update, that's a live activity. It's an iOS specific uh term, but it is on Android as well. Um so not the transactional side, the transactional side is still a mobile push notification. So that part of the screen. But live activities are very interesting for the right use case. >> Yeah. Yeah, so again, we've been talking about OneSignal as a you know, a growth mechanism, but it also might just power features that you want to build into your app. And this is a you know, it's a short timeline for Shipyard, you know, from start to launch. So anything that can speed things up, um you know, is probably worth looking at. Cool. Um let's do another one here, and I think I can answer this one. Uh, the question is, I would love to know if I'm participating for the peace award, but I'm using the OneSignal integration in the app. How do you guys or how will you guys check if I can get your award, too? So, I think this is kind of getting at, uh, one of the interesting things about how the Shipaton runs. So, you're not entering your app for a specific award. You just make a submission and all of the awards that it's eligible for, you will be eligible for. So, um, if you build an app that uses OneSignal, during your submission, uh, we will ask, uh, the a question that's related to if you're going for the OneSignal award, explain how you've used OneSignal, like the stuff that we just talked about. Um, and as long as you fill that out, your app is eligible for the OneSignal award. We'll also ask you during that submission, uh, if you're going for the RevenueCat peace award, explain why your app, uh, is doing good, you know, for the public good or whatever. Um, and if you fill that out, you'll be eligible for that award. Um, the way that we will choose the winners, cuz you can only win one, but there most categories are similar in terms of the prizes, but the OneSignal award, uh, is a bigger prize than a lot of the other awards. So, we'll choose those winners first, so that, you know, if if you were going to end up winning either one, you'll get the one that has the the the bigger prize pool. So, that's kind of our behind-the-scenes of how our judging process works for that. So, the straight answer to that is you can be eligible for both and that is totally fine. And that will be based on what you put in your submission. >> Did you already thought about that, Charlie, or did you just come up with that answer on the spot? >> Oh, no. No, we've gone way deep on all of this. Uh, yeah. We learned last year, uh, doing this that there's a lot of contingencies to think about. Luckily, last year was a much simpler event and we've expanded a lot but we've learned a lot in that process. So, yeah, we've thought through a lot of these details. Uh and had lots of long discussions about all of them. So, it's it's pretty well thought through. All right. Um let's see what else in here. So, here's a question from Franklin. Um the Firebase OneSignal integration is Android only? Question mark. Can we, for example, trigger a flow by creating a document in Firebase? I don't know the full details on that, but maybe Joshua, you you understand that a little more. >> I can answer the first part for sure. Yes, the the Firebase OneSignal integration is required for the Android notifications to go out. Uh just like APNS has to be in place for Apple. Um I'm not sure about the second one. Uh I I unfortunately don't have a good answer there. I apologize, but we can definitely kick it to the team and follow up. >> Okay. And is the Firebase OneSignal integration that it says it's Android only or does that that also works with uh APNS for iOS as well, right? >> So, with our SDK, you're going to have to add your Firebase um project ID and then you're going to have to add your Apple project ID essentially equivalent in order to be able to message to them. >> So, Firebase is what communicates to the Android devices and then Apple communicates to them. Our SDK is the middle to do the broader. Um and so, ultimately, we are making those connections on your guys' behalf. >> Okay, cool. That makes sense. All right. Um let's see. We've answered a lot of these. Um Let's see. Oh, there's some new ones that have come in. So, from Mantis, uh is it better to have a continue as a guest after onboarding instead of asking a user to create an account from the start using their email address in order to start using the app. I think you kind of talked about this, but maybe you could go in a little bit more detail. >> Yeah, it's always good to give people an opportunity to move further in the process. And so, if that email address is not a must-have for you and you want to allow people to play as a guest or experience the office as a guest, I think it's a good use case. We just want to make sure you have a plan and the right approach to be able to then capture the email address later in the process. Again, only if it matters to you. I don't want to emphasize email addresses as they are absolute must-have. It's important. Don't get me wrong, there's value to it, but you got to think about it from a trade-off of what am I going to be able to do with that versus what is the friction that's going to create in the process. >> Cool, and a follow-up from uh George in the chat here uh from our last question about uh can you create an or can you send an event based on it when a document's created? He said, you could use a cloud function from Firebase to send an API call to OneSignal and then send a message when a document is created in Firestore. So, it sounds like the answer is yes then uh to that to that earlier question. >> George is the founder. >> Uh yes, yeah, I should say that. George is the founder of OneSignal uh who's just floating around in the chat answering questions. >> Keep me honest. >> Yeah. Uh let's see. So, you already answered this one, but I'll go ahead just for the people watching this on demand. Um can we manage more than one app in an account? What do we do if we are submitting more than one app and want to use OneSignal in both? >> Yeah. So, we we definitely allow that. You would create what we call an organization. Uh and so, that's think of it as your parent company. Uh and then, each of your shows up as an app within that parent company. And so, you can have multiple apps. Um and I mean, there's really no limit. We have some customers in our world that have hundreds of apps that follow to a single organization. And they manage them each differently. Uh and so, the the way they communicate, the way they pull data in, is all unique to them. Uh which is allows them to test different lifecycles. If it's, you know, localizations of the app for some reason. There's a lot of different things you can do in that instance. >> Sweet. And then, uh I answered this one in the chat earlier. But, I'll ask it here, um so we can answer it kind of live. Uh this is from Trent. Does the RevenueCat or OneSignal integration include other event types, like user seen? Or is it mostly the subscription events? So, on the RevenueCat side, um they are mostly subscription events that we're sending out. I included a There's a document uh that we have. If you just Google RevenueCat events, it'll be like the first one that pops up. Um and oh, it looks like Brennan is doing that live. Uh >> Yeah. >> Let's see. So, what we got? Yeah, there we go. So, there's there's the events that we're sending out. Um so, most of them are definitely subscription related. Um and then, in the chat earlier, uh George answered Let me find it real quick. Um OneSignal automatically tracks when users open the app, receive messages, or other events not related to subscriptions. You can also send custom events from code in your app or whoops, everything just started scrolling. Or through the OneSignal API. The RevenueCat integration just makes it super easy to bring in subscription related events, too. Um I don't know Joshua if you have uh other comments on that or if that pretty much covers it. >> No, that that pretty much covers it. >> Yeah, the other thing I would add Charlie is that we also send subscription status so that you can use that to inform your logic for different journeys and stuff too. I mean, it's one thing to get an event and know when someone canceled, it's another thing to know that they are still canceled. So like we make that very easy um to to monitor. >> Yeah, that's one of those things that's surprisingly difficult to do manually. >> Yeah, that's why we built the status. >> Exactly. Um, all right, let's see. There's a couple more um that I saw. Oh, this is from Tanmay related to the Shipathon category. Is it important to be on the One Signal Growth Plan for scoring higher in the category? >> No, we're not looking at what platform level are you on? Again, it's all about the utility of the way you're using the customer engagement and are you creating a unique customer experience? And so no, does not matter which level of plan you're on with us. >> Sweet. All right, well um unless there's some really last minute questions in here. Um, I think we've pretty much answered everybody's questions. So uh thank you Brennan and Joshua for joining in. This was like super informative even just completely separate from the Shipathon. Uh this is a webinar I already I already have a lot of chats that this is where I would have sent somebody to. So I'll be sending people to this conversation frequently over the over the years I can already tell. So thank you. >> Yeah. >> My pleasure. >> have a good >> Awesome. So we will see you all next week. I believe our next webinar is on Monday Um, and that will be that will be my boss actually uh coming in and telling us how he uses AI to come up with that ideas. We've had a surprising amount of questions that are basically just what should I build? Uh cuz a lot of people want to make something, but they don't know exactly what. And so uh my boss is kind of a genius at coming up with crazy ideas, hence this entire thing. Um, and he has kind of a tried and true method where he's using all these different AI tools to both come up with different ideas and then also validating if those are good good businesses to run. And so keep your eyes out for that. We'll be posting that really soon where you can sign up. Um, and that will be next Monday. Um, and I think that's that's all we have. So thank you again both of you for joining and uh we'll see you all next week. Bye. >> Yeah. >> Have a good one.