he couldn't he couldn't help himself. Uh but h yeah very excited to be here and um super excited to welcome Pu and Keith uh and uh for today's for today's topic which is all about expo and building uh with React Native and crossplatform and there's just there's a lot for us to to dig into. So big welcome to both of you. Thank you for for joining. Um and going to put you on the spot now. It'd be great if you could just do a quick intro. Say hi to everyone. um let them know where you are, what you do, uh and we'll we'll go from there. So, Keith, do you want to do you want to go first? >> Yeah, sure. Um yeah, I'm Keith. Uh I'm a head of developer success at Expo. Uh I'm calling in from a beautiful sunny No, it's not sunny at all here. What am I kidding? Uh Cleveland, Ohio, USA. Uh I'm uh my job is I talk about Expo. Uh I have a past as as an app developer using Expo. So, um, yeah, I've been working at Expo the past few years to, uh, help with, you know, anything we need to do to to, um, help people, help developers be successful with Expo, uh, whether they're, uh, veteran web developers, experienced native developers, uh, vibe coders more recently, uh, folks using inapp purchases, of course. Um, and yeah, really happy to be here. Super Patty. >> Yeah, developer advocate at Revenue Cat here. Uh is the name. Uh I've been under the flu for a few for the last like four days. So decided to come do a nice nice speech to join this webinar and take some of your questions and relay those to Keith >> just to make the rest of us. >> Very great. >> Make the rest of us jealous by being on the beach and Yeah. >> Exactly. Yeah. I I I think you're probably really jealous about not having a flu on a beach, but >> nice. Well, thank you both again. >> I'm not I'm not on a boat. I'm on a Charlie was asking that are you on a boat? No, I'm not in a boat sadly. I'm just on a beach. >> Yeah, not yet. Don't that's we were just we were just saying before this that when you when you say stuff by accident and you you speak it into existence at Revenue Cat and with the amount of like ships that we have like shippeton and shipping and ships like at some point there's going to be a Revenue Cat ship and either Charlie or Pu or you know someone's going to be on it. So um yeah don't don't say that too much otherwise it's going to it's going to happen. >> I should have picked up more on the theme and gone relocated myself a few miles north to the beach which is cold as hell right now. So I'm actually glad I didn't do that. Um, cool. All right. Well, yeah, thank you both for being here and um, yeah, excited to kind of jump into this with you both. But um, before we do, just a reminder to everybody if you're um, well, first of all, just reminder to ask questions. These sessions are for you. Um, the whole purpose is to help um, with uh, questions that you have, anything you're stuck with, anything we can uh, do you ship more and and get the most out of um, what you're doing. Um, if you're on Livestorm, you can use the the questions feature to to ask questions. um it's better to use that than the chat just because we can lose track of things if it's in the chat and also you can upvote and do things with the the questions if you if they're posted there. Um if you're not on livetorm if you're watching on YouTube or X or somewhere else uh then you can dive into the Discord and pop any questions in there and we'll make sure that uh we get them get them answered. So before we before we dive into the main topic we um as always just a quick update on the building public um or the stuff that's happening uh with building public. So we have this year we have more categories than ever for ship iton and one of them as as most of you will know is our our building public category. This is all about building and sharing your journey as you go along sharing your learnings um mistakes everything in between. And I had a lot of fun this morning as I was prepping for this going through um or scrolling through X and searching for the hashtag and just seeing uh the number of projects and the quality of the projects. It's like it's just mind-blowing what people are doing. as someone that's not very technical, um seeing the things that are being built and shipped uh for shipon is uh is amazing. And so I just wanted to highlight a couple of couple of projects I thought were really really very cool. Um the first one is being built by uh Goautier I think is that that might be how you pronounce it. Um and his app is called Kubo and is all about battling um procrastination and just looks like the animation. I don't know if you can see, it's a little bit small on that slide, but the the mascot character that he's developed there just looks so cool. Um, and yeah, very very uh very very neat. So, definitely worth going and checking that out and watching the video because uh yeah, it's uh it's it's a good one. And then the the one in the middle is from uh the team behind uh an app called Focus RPG. And this one, I just I love the idea, first of all. Um, I'm obsessed with my activity rings on on my Apple Watch. And the the idea behind this app is that you turn kind of real life action into virtual adventures, I guess. So, your um the more activities you do because it's synced to the Apple Health Kit. So, the more activities you do, um, the more uh focus time you log during the app, the stronger your character gets in the game. Uh, which is just a really neat idea. And then um what I thought was really cool about that post specifically is that was um some information they were sharing on changes they've been making to their onboarding and being very open about uh the feedback they've been getting and then how they're iterating uh the onboarding flow and just very cool to see how quickly they're shipping changes and updates and things in response to what users are saying. So again another good one a whole timeline of updates to go and go and have a look at. And then the final one is Thomas, who's an iOS uh dev based in London. And this one was like less about the project and more about the fact that his updates, it's like it's very obvious he's posting um in those moments before like before work, before his kids wake up at lunchtime, late in the evening, like fitting the the the shipping and the building around his like life commitments. And I just thought that kind of epitomized some of the like energy that you can see when you're scrolling through um and looking at everybody's projects and uh kind of people juggling, you know, day-to-day life with uh building these apps on and projects on the side, which is which is cool to see. I also really like the fact he had a meal deal pictured in his uh post. Is that is a meal deal a thing outside of the UK? Keith and Puerto a meal deal. I can't quite see it here. It's it's like a what is it? So, this this could be this could be a rabbit hole we don't want to go down, but like every every major supermarket in the UK, um they they have meal deals which is like an offer where you get a sandwich and a packet of crisps or chips um and a snack and it's like a set price, right? Like three pound or4 pound or something. Um and they all do them and it's a very like people debate which supermarket does it best and so I saw this. No, it really back. >> No, not a thing yet. >> Not another thing. No, no, I've come across this. I didn't know that it's a bigger thing. I've seen it in, but I thought it was like a one-off thing in like a random supermarket or something. But >> no, it's interesting to hear that it's a >> it's a big thing. And I lived off um Tesco meal deals for a long time when I lived in London. And so seeing that post me back and uh so yeah, I wanted to I wanted to shout that out. So yeah, shout out to Thomas for um for for for sharing the the meal deal um the meal deal stuff. >> These apps are so cool looking. I just want to see like a a mashup of like Kubo as a secret playable character in the focus RPG. These just these uh these apps are so cool. I'm really impressed. >> Yeah, it's um like I say, when you scroll through the the timeline, when you search for the hashtag, there's just I mean this is there's so many. I could have featured so many. So um definitely worth taking a look. >> Um cool. Cool. And then just a very quick update on some um in-person events that have been taking place. Uh so we actually had a big event in Tokyo over the weekend. So uh I think it was melting hack with the group that put this one on uh hackathon on on Saturday. I read somewhere that they the hackathon was four hours long and they shipped over 20 apps which is like ruthless efficiency. Um so very very impressive stuff and looked very very cool. So big thank you to uh to Melting Hack and to to everybody else involved in in organizing that because it looked like a really great event. And then I thought it was just worth flagging like how many other events we have happening and coming up. So um we have like this is just the next next week's worth of stuff. Um so from now until this time next week we have apps all over the place. North America, South America, India, Asia, everywhere. Um, and so if we have a dedicated um, river page, events page. So definitely recommend going and checking that out if you haven't seen it already. And you can filter by location and by date so you can see events that are near you. Um, so yeah, definitely worth having a look and seeing if there's a shipon event that you can attend. Um, lots more being added um, as we as we go as well. And then special shout out as I as I mentioned or hinted at at the start, Charlie, our captain um is going to be at I playground um in in Taipei in person uh as well as the event in Seoul um on Monday and I know he's very very keen to connect with uh people taking part in Shipeton um any local developer communities. So, if you happen to be there and you would like to go and meet Charlie and his Revenue Cap ship that you can see on the screen and get some Revenue Cat swag, uh, reach out to him because, uh, yeah, I know he'll be keen to to say hi. All right, that's it from me, I think, for now. So, um, Keith, I will I will hand over to you. I'll stop sharing so you can uh take control. >> All right, there we go. and let you take it away. >> All right. Oh, no. I just shared the wrong screen. Turn it off. Turn it off. >> Give me a second. I I was supposed to click two and or I was supposed to click one and I clicked two. >> That was like inception. I I I saw myself like 50 times like going deeper deeper and deeper. >> It's a classic bug you might encounter while building your app during shipon known as the off by one error. Anyway, so uh yeah, I'm from Expo and uh we uh we're gonna talk all about shipping uh crossplatform native and web apps uh with Expo today and and be of course ready to take all your questions. But uh for folks who maybe are still figuring out, you know, how they want to build their app, uh or if they want to extend to more platforms, uh we're going to give you like the fiveinut overview of what Expo is. And I think that often can even help uh folks who are familiar with Expo because you might be familiar with part of Expo but not another part of Expo. So we'll give you the the 10,000 foot overview here. Um so uh you know real real brief, we're a framework uh for writing uh crossplatform Android, iOS and web apps in React. Uh so instead of having to target each of these platforms individually with their own uh native language uh you can write it all in JavaScript or TypeScript uh with React syntax. Uh this also means that you can uh get really far with just like a node environment on your computer and a text editor instead of have having to have all these native tools having to have Xcode Android Studio. You can uh run a little, you know, npx create expo app, npx expo start uh and start coding in react on your text editor just like you would as a web like you're as if you were building a website. Uh it also means uh if you've used any vibe coding tools in your shipon journey uh and you're using them for mobile, you probably have encountered expo uh because expo has a lot of those characteristics. you know when as if you were developing a web app uh it can work in these uh uh web browser or web uh development interfaces that are common vibe coding tools. Um Expo is also a SDK uh full of all these like other goodies that you need to make apps. Uh if so, Expo apps are React Native apps, but if you just look at what's inside the React Native library, that's like the basic building blocks for what does it take to render a view or render a text or or render whatever you put in React as native views uh on your iOS or Android phone. Uh the Expo SDK has everything else you need to make apps uh like uh routing, like file-based routing. So uh you can do uh you know set files as uh uh screens uh as if you were making like Nex.js apps uh but in native mobile uh using Expo router uh which is built into the default template. So just start dropping files you get new screens drop files in a folder and call it tabs and you get tabs. Uh the Expo SDK has all sorts of packages that let you access device sensors and capabilities like Expo Maps, camera image, um different things for navigation, fancy blur views, linear gradients, uh everything but uh inapp purchase because because Revenue Cat does such a good job with inapp purchase that u you really uh if you're if you're looking for uh the way to do inapp purchase uh in an expo app, uh just go straight for Revenue Cat. Um beyond the SDK and just getting started with this you know development environment framework uh we also have services expo application services let you build submit uh update your app and now more recently uh run uh pretty much anything you want in like a mobile first CI/CD environment with EAS workflows. So this lets you access a lot of that. This is what drives a lot of that not needing a whole lot of stuff on your local development environment because you can send your build to EAS build and then you you know I've I've written Expo apps on a Chromebook where I can't install any of these tools uh because you can send the build to our cloud and it runs the build for you and it gives you back uh an IPA or an APK or whatever binary file you need to install it on your phone. Uh we also have a cool thing called EAS update which lets you update the JavaScript in your app without actually redeploying your whole app to the app store. Normally when you update an app you have to resubmit it to app store review to play store review. uh but you actually are able to update interpreted code aka JavaScript in your app and that's where EAS update comes in where you can run a command that says publish new JavaScript to my app and then when your app runs the next time it'll check for any new JavaScript and download it so you can ship updates uh smaller updates bug fixes a lot faster. Um, and finally, if you uh have just been dabbling in Expo or if you you try it for the first time, you'll probably be interacting with Expo Go, which is an app you can download on the App Store. And this allows you to bypass like one other little thing that can get kind of complex about mobile apps is that, okay, you do typically need to build something in order to test something. Uh, you even if you don't need all the tools in your desktop, you usually have to have a build to run on your phone. Well, Expo Go is actually a sandbox where you can download this kind of uh self-contained uh app browser that lets you test out mobile development in React Native without having to have an Apple developer account, a Play Store uh account, without having to sideloadad APKs or whatever. You just download this app, you point it to a QR code that comes out in your uh uh text editor or your your uh your uh terminal when you run npx expo start. and now you are running uh an app on your phone. Uh so it's like the quickest way to get started. It's a way a lot of folks when they first get started in in React Native development start off with Expo Go because it's free, it's easy, it gives you a good taste uh and lets you prototype your idea before you decide to commit to an Apple developer account and doing all the other things. And yeah, that's that's the overview of Expo right there. >> That's great. I mean, we've had um we had we had a couple of questions, Keith, or like some some comments earlier this week about well, first of all, um an easy question to answer, which was can you use Expo um when building uh a project for Shipeton? Like, are you eligible? And the answer, the short answer to that is absolutely yes. There's no problem if you want to use uh Expo. And actually uh the expo team have been kind enough to uh provide uh every participant with I think it's it's free access or a month free or something to I think it's the starter plan. I'll have to double check on the or the full info is on dev post but if you register and receive the the ship kit which is the um the kind of uh the group of perks and and discounts from from all of the sponsors that are taking part in uh shipon um expo is is part of that. So it's free to to get going if you're a participant. Um, and then second question, Keith, is like I guess just like stepping back like why what's the benefit of going down the React Native and Expo route versus just or any other any other option? Like what would you say um for people that are wanting to to build and ship quickly for for Shipeton? Like why why why pick that um as as the way to build? >> Yeah. So I guess you know there's a few looking at a few different angles of okay you know one option you could use the firstparty tools you could use Xcode for iOS and Android Studio for Android and then you know whatever you want for web say you want say you want to ship on all three platforms or let's just think about the two for now let's think about the two mobile ones for now uh of course if you're going to use Xcode and Android Studio you're going to have two completely separate code bases for each version so you're basically going to be writing the same app twice So right there, that's your argument. That isn't necessarily an argument just for Expo. That's an argument for a cross-platform framework. Um once you get into um crossplatform frameworks, uh you know, you're often talking about um frameworks that might like like a Phone Gap or something like that where it wraps um web code inside of a native app. Flutter is another option where you code in Dart and um you write crossplatform code that then gets compiled to iOS and Android. Um what is what is unique um about React Native um is that React Native apps are fully native. So when you're writing JSX, I can just pull up my you can probably just see one of my files right here. It's giving me a visual aid here. Um when I'm writing this view, which is this uh index tab right here, uh I am writing JSX, so it looks like web code, but I'm on the wrong screen. There we go. uh each of these views, this is getting rendered as a UI view on iOS or the Android native view on Android or like like with the text inputs or or text fields. All of these components are directly mapping to a real native component that you would use if you were coding the app in Xcode or Android Studio. So there's no loss of fidelity there. uh it's a it's a straight uh translation layer and in fact with uh some changes in recent versions of React Native uh you might hear the term new architecture uh this refers to how updates are transmitted from your JavaScript to that native side. Uh it happens fully synchronously now. So there is like no like real like maybe someone me someone could measure a performance impact in like per fractions of nanconds or something like that somewhere. I mean it's it's extremely fast and performant. Uh and in fact there's even like a lot of optimizations if you were to write like animations in JavaScript. You might think oh that would go slow but actually we have great libraries like React Native reanimated that where you ceue up the animation and it actually sends the entire thing over the native layer. So it's being animated the same way as if you were to do it directly in Xcode and Android Studio. So, um I like to think like Expo and React Native, it kind of offers the best of both worlds because you get to code like 98% of your app uh once or 90 you get to code the same code 98% of it for both iOS and Android and maybe you do like optimizations on that last 2% for each platform. Uh you also and this is more particular to Expo. Um because Expo uh we have this thing called uh continuous native generation where instead of you having to maintain these entire uh iOS and Android projects because that's ultimately that's the way mobile apps get compiled. Yes, you're writing in JavaScript but it becomes something that could run in Xcode that could run in Android Studio. Well, instead of you having to like have all that code and check it into your source code and manipulate it if you have to do something that you can't just do in JavaScript, uh, we generate that stuff at build time as if it's like node modules. You know how like you don't check in your node modules to your source code? You just run npm install and they all get generated on the fly. Well, with Expo on EAS build, it runs uh npx expo pre-build and it looks at your configuration like this little uh app.j JSON dude here uh which defines these like configuration points for a native app like this little uh name here is like that's a little short name that shows up under the icon or of course the actual icons themselves or whether or not it supports an iPad right here. Um it outputs the actual things that the Xcode and Android Studio build processes need to build as you're building your app. So if you ever need to change that stuff, you just change a little bit of configuration. You don't worry about if you're breaking compatibility. It makes upgrading very easy. And if you happen to need to access a little bit of native functionality that isn't already in the Expo SDK or isn't already in another package maintained by the React Native community, you can u bust out and just actually write just that little bit of native code in your project. uh we call it um local expo modules where it literally creates a little folder that says like iOS Android drop a a swift file drop a cotlin file and then compile it into your app. So uh there's actually like a lot of people be like oh it's JavaScript so you don't get to do a bunch of things you could do in Xcode in Android Studio. Actually that's that's not true because you can do anything you could do there. uh you just have the JavaScript part and you have the native part, but the whole toolkit is accessible to you. You just get to choose, you know, how how crossplatform you want to be at that moment. >> Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Even even to me, even to someone that's uh that's not a developer, I'm sold. Um but no, that's uh it makes sense. Yeah. And then on on that same topic, Keith, so Charlie um lurking lurking in the chat, he's um he's he's asked a question about uh liquid uh liquid glass. So does that mean that React Native apps compiled against the new version of iOS that's coming soon will automatically get liquid glass for the native controls that uh that use them? >> So right now we have a um okay, so we have Expo SDK 54 coming out which has the first liquid glass support. um the native we have so expo router is kind of where our navigation code um comes in and that's probably the first place we're going to start to see liquid glass come into your expo app. We have a beta for the native tabs for iOS and Android. So, uh, this gets a little bit nitty-gritty, but previously, uh, these were kind of using like a an approximation built built with the native building blocks, but kind of at a different level, like we kind of rebuilt it, uh, or or like the React navigation library, more specifically, rebuilt the uh, tabs in uh, views and text inputs and all those little B building blocks that we were looking at. uh they are now uh we have now have a beta in SDK54 of mapping those native tabs directly to whatever is the you know what you would use in Swift UIs if you were coding in in Xcode. So you can opt in to liquid glass tabs in your Expo SDK 54 app um and likewise Android native tabs as well. And you can also access um liquid glass buttons. um they're not really like built into like the default button because the default button is like totally unstyled. Uh but if you use the Expo UI library which gives you bindings to Swift UI to Jetack compose you will uh be able to access those liquid glass properties. Okay, super. Um, P two, I don't know if there's any other questions uh for Keith that we can we can hop into now that on on appeared on Discord or anywhere, or do we want to Keith, do you want to kind of run into into more of a demo? >> Sure. Sure. Um, yeah. So, yeah, a couple things I have over here. Um, I'll we'll get we'll we'll show you around an expo project real quick, but I did build this like uh since we know it is ship a ton and well, ultimately the goal is shipping. Uh, I I have a little bit of a a ship an app shipping checklist. Uh so we'll talk about the next steps uh in a moment here about like hey okay you've got an app it looks pretty complete um I want to start actually uh testing this on my devices and eventually getting to the app store. Uh so yeah this is pretty much setting myself up uh uh I created an app a couple days ago just to give myself something fresh to play with. Uh in my case I was building this app. I was inspired by the book uh Pave Paradise: How Parking Explains the World. I was doing my commute yesterday listening to this book and I was like, "Ah, I should make an app that tracks when I commute via car and when I don't commute via car and it should give me like points for uh you know, going to my co-working space on a bicycle and be like, "Oh, you saved 10 miles and six hours of parking." Uh, so that's my little app. I actually um did it mostly in Bolt uh before moving it down to my um IDE here. And um yeah, now that I'm over here, uh it's very easy to run uh npx uh expo start, which is kind of the command you're going to be running like all the time. So this is going to uh where you're going to get into those QR codes that we love to look at in the expo land. So, uh you run start uh after uh you know running npm install or whatever and you'll get a QR code and if your app for for a lot of apps as you're starting off you can use Expo Go to preview your app and actually even this one technically works with it and you'll download the Expo Go app on your device and then scan the QR code. You can scan it inside the app or you can scan it just with your camera and it'll open up the Expo Go app and it'll actually start running your app. Uh in my case, since I am a in a um a simulator, uh I'll just press I here. So if you're already on your computer and you have Mac OS simulators uh installed or Android emulators, uh you can press I there. And um ignore my logs there, but uh you can then run it in your simulator the same way. And this will like live reload as you're editing code. So um it's designed to be very a very fast editing experience. Uh, let's see if I can change something right here. Unfortunately, since AI wrote a lot of this code, I don't remember what I could change. But for instance, if I were to just break this style, um, I could break my app. Hey, there we go. We lost a bunch of styling. There we go. Uh, it's often easier to to break stuff at a certain point than actually try to make it work if you're trying to demo a live refresh. But that's how fast the uh the the development and refresh experiences. And it's that fast also on your phone. As long as you're on the same Wi-Fi network, which is usually, you know, that's that's how we're developing. You your phone's on your home Wi-Fi, your computer's on your home Wi-Fi, you get that whole experience. Um, sometimes I'll just connect. I'll be like, "Hey, Android phone, iPhone, simulator, try a bunch of devices at once. You can connect several at once and get them all reloading." A few times I've been in uh conferences where uh we were having issues uh showing on a projector and I was like, I want people to see my demo app. And so I got on the Wi-Fi and I just put my QR code up on the screen. I was like, "Hey, everybody download Expo Go scan." I mean, my computer almost burst into flames because it was serving like, you know, a 100 phones or something like that. But, uh, other than that, it was pretty cool. So, that's that's the essential, uh, Expo development loop. Uh, so when you know, once you get to the point where you've got something that you want to start, uh, shipping, uh, this is where my little checklist comes in here. Uh, and I I I made a I made a little URL to this if you if you want to share it later. bit.ly peaceapp checklist. And um this kind of a common response to a question of like what what you know what are all the little things you have to do and there's like a very small number of things you have to do to test your app and then there's like a bunch of details at the end when you actually go to ship. So if you're at the point where you're ready to test your app, focus on the small number of details. Um, but I find it's nice to to just have them all in front of me because a lot of the complication comes on later because of app stores because Apple and Google wants you to enter a million bits of information. They want you to have all these, you know, screenshots, store descriptions, keywords. You need to say uh what what countries it's available in. You need to have a privacy policy. That stuff is, you know, it's not complicated. It's just like a bunch of things you have to do. Um, I find even I've deployed technically speaking probably hundreds of apps. Um, and I still forget something from sometimes to time. So, I like to list them out. So, I I remember I have that screenshot or or you know that that little bit of text. Um, but yeah, like the uh, you know, a couple things to kind of get you to that deploy or that that testing stage. Um, I noted like some finishing touches to your code and these are things that like strictly speaking you would need these to ship, but they're good to get ahead of. So, you're going to want to have a splash screen and app icon. So, you're going to want to brand your app. And um one nice thing is we've put a template. It's it's accessible in our documents, too. So, if you look up splashcreen and docs.exo.dev, you'll find the same thing. Um but it'll actually take you to a little Figma template and you can um drop uh you know, specific assets in. Make sure it's about the size of what it expects for an iOS icon. Like, make sure it fits inside the circle. Um, in Android it ends up being a slightly smaller circle because this is that extra space is what allows it to adapt the specific phone. So it's like a your icon ends up being like a circle on Pixel phones, but it ends up being a squirle on Galaxy phones. Uh, so you you fit it into the different format here. And this this whole template guides you through that as well as making light and dark mode splash screens so you your app can adapt to your users interfaces. um and looks just very like clean and professional and like very accommodating of of whatever uh your user's phone configuration is. So, this is a nice uh uh step to take in there early on so you're just ready later on when it's time to actually ship to that you've you've got a a pretty looking icon that is going to attract a lot of clicks. Um so, that's an important part. Um, one other like little thing that I like to do uh early on because AI is so good at at helping uh this is um or is to generate like the privacy policy or like a little like homepage. So uh I actually did it since I made this app work with web as well. I said um you know hey you know chatgpt whatever um oops I unshared there. Let me share here again. Knew I shouldn't have clicked that button. There we go. Uh, I just told the uh the AI uh code completion to be like, "Oh, I know later on I'm going to require privacy policy." So, just write a privacy policy. And most apps are pretty much pretty boring. Um, but uh yeah, it did it for me. And I made it like a little homepage, too. So, when I go to make my app store listing, uh, I'll have a home page >> about. There we go. About. Um, do you want to Nope. One final little thing I did and this will this will come back later is I installed the EAS update library because later on as I mentioned you can update your JavaScript without updating your whole app. That'll be like really helpful later when I go through like my final testing loop because I can make one build and I can just keep updating making little changes to my JavaScript instead of having to like wait 10 15 minutes for a build. Uh I'm going to be able to just be like oh publish 30 seconds I've got my latest code. Um, >> oh, I was just wonder if I should answer uh answer that question about um uh updating your code without >> Yeah. >> Yep. >> Good timing. >> Yeah. Could you can deer developers update their own code without submitting on Apple store or can we only update libraries? Okay. So, this is referring to like EAS update or or is this Yes. Yes. Because we're talking about without submitting to stores. So the what works on EAS update is you can update anything that's JavaScript. So that includes your code and potentially libraries. Uh but not all libraries. So that's where it gets a little bit um tricky sometimes is there in React Native there'll be libraries that are just JavaScript um and then there'll be libraries that are JavaScript bound to native code um because that's a kind of basically that's how you like make an actual like extra native functionality in React Native is you say here's some JavaScript here's an equivalent function in Swift or Cotlin and then they bind together and that's how you get like photo picker functionality where it didn't previously exist. uh but a lot of cases you're you know you're writing your business logic in JavaScript so you're composing your views all those sorts of things in JavaScript and you're using libraries that are JavaScript only in a lot of cases so for instance if I'm using like a date fns like a date formatting library that's probably just JavaScript so if I update the version of my date formatting library uh because there was like a little fix to this particular way I wanted to format the date in my screen and I use that fix in my code I can update that with EAS update uh because it's only JavaScript. Now, that sounds if it if it sounds like, you know, I really have to like look deep into like which of these is native, which of these is not native. Uh that used to be true that you had to do that accounting yourself. That is no longer true. U because we have a feature and I'm getting a little bit ahead of EAS update here, but that's okay. Um we have a feature in um build called uh really all throughout uh Expo application services called fingerprint. So this is a tool to let you know when native code has changed and you can use this um to compare like from like okay my current code on my computer versus the last time I built has anything native changed and this will look at that native configuration in your app.json. It'll look at any libraries that you've installed and updated things like that and it'll tell you if there was a change. Um, I don't have a lot in this project, but you can actually even do this little comparison here thing here where I can compare to a previous build and it'll tell me if there's any native changes. Um, in this case, there might have been actually. Yes. So, this one I updated Oh, I think I know what this one was. This was when I found out all of my Expo SDK libraries were out of date and I ran there's like a little command called npx expo install fix and it updated all of them. So this generated like a pretty big difference u because it updated every library and it just it's just telling me like yes you've updated like 25 libraries with native code implications. So maybe you should make another build. Maybe you shouldn't uh just try to update that JavaScript over the year. I see I see another question in here. Um, uh, does that mean React Native apps compiled against the new version of iOS? That's Oh, wait. I'm sorry. We already answered that one. Let me go to um, let me continue here. I I got a little out of order there. So, um, since we're talking about build, let's talk about build. Uh, when you are, um, ready to like kind of test your app a little more. So, one thing you'll want to do most likely, and especially if you're using um React Native um inapp purchases with RevenueCat, is you'll eventually want to move from Expo Go to what we call a development build. Uh and this is a so Expo go we call it kind of like a sandbox and um that means like this this really relates to like the fingerprint thing or like the native runtime thing we were just talking about. When you compile an app, all the native bits are fixed. like you can't change the binary code. Uh some people tried years ago and um Apple got pretty mad and shut them down. So uh even if it was possible, you can't do it. Uh so that means that what Expo go can run in terms of JavaScript, it's restricted to what Expo, the company built into Expoco and sent to the app stores. So that mean we stick the you know latest versions of the Expo SDK modules in there. You can use like expo photo, expo um you know all the expo router stuff that liquid glass stuff we were just talking about. It's all in there. So you can do a lot of like visual prototyping but often when you get into specific functionality that's like you there's certain obligations you have to the app store for for instance like inapp purchases. You actually have to list the items to purchase inside your app store configuration. Uh like your app is displayed differently when it has inapp purchases. So there's no way we could actually put uh inapp purchase functionality in Expo Go because whose products would we show everybody in the world using Expo Go? It wouldn't work. So things like that, functionality like that, you're going to build a development build which is basically like your own personal copy of Expo Go um that you it has all of your exact native dependencies. So now once you build this thing, you can do the same thing we were doing over here uh where we're running uh our our um live development server. We're scanning a QR code and we're running the code on a device. But now instead of scanning it on a uh to Expo Go, uh you're using a development build and it's sending like a little URL over the air to your device. It's opening that URL which points back to your computer and it's now running your exact code and now you can start to do live refresh coding against that um that revenue cap uh you know SDK code. So you can fine-tune your inapp purchase experience. Uh so that's a really that's a that's a really important step here and you can do that um very simply by running EAS build. uh if you've configured it by default, you'll already have a development build profile and then choosing the platform of your phone. So running this command, I would be able to create a development build and then continue live coding on my Android phone. So now we should talk about actual preview deployment. Now we're ready to get to the app store here. Uh we have a cool Well, I guess I'll show you first. We have a cool new fast way to do this for iOS and web. Um, this expo, >> this is the part me and Matt have been waiting for that if you're gonna mention this. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, this is really cool. Um, this is especially relevant if you started your uh, shipton app in a vibe coding tool like a a bolt or something like that. Um, and you don't you want to skip the part where you download like I was just running commands in my CLI. So in the middle there, if I'm like starting in like an online coding tool, I'm probably downloading my code, installing dependencies, possibly installing some global CLI tools. I'm doing pretty geeky stuff on my computer. U with launch, I can go straight from a GitHub public repo. Actually, let me pull up the right repo here because that's not a code repo. So if I go to um I didn't park. There we go. I can actually paste this URL into launch and then it'll let me one by one deploy to these targets and play store is coming soon but right now you can do test flight uh you know app store test flight so you can deploy to your iOS devices uh assuming you have an ex uh Apple developer account um and it'll have you uh securely log in actually this login information stays on your device. It does not send your password over the air. So, your Apple password is secure. Um, actually, let's just do it. Should we just do it? We should just do it, right? Let me Oh, don't leave my passwords. Um, let me get my Apple password here. Apple developer. Um, >> yeah. Please, please don't stream that to everybody watching. That would be ideal. I think you only saw my recovery codes for something there. Uh oh. Oh, wait. I'm sorry. I don't have my email there. There we go. Sign in. Oh, dear. Try that one more time. I must have copied the wrong thing. Or not. Um, did I break my password? Well, anyway, you can sign into Oh, wait. I know. I I broke my email. That's what I did. There we go. Now we're good. >> Oh, yeah. >> I'll choose my account. Um, it's got my bundle identifier in there. Oh, actually, I I actually already deployed this one, so I should go pick my existing one. There we go. It's actually reading that from your from so it it's aware of what apps you've already deployed there. and I say launch. And this is going to kick off um an EAS build job for me without me ever really touching anything. Um and you'll see what it looks like over here. It's going to be this is actually using our new uh workflows product. Uh so you'll see if you were to like really dig into this, which you don't have to. It'll be like here's a build and then here's a submission to test flight. And then what's even I mean App Store is cool, but the fact that you can launch the web really really easily. By the way, there's like free web hosting on the >> even on the free tier. You get um uh 10 free deploys a month. >> Uh I can click launch here. Um and it's going to kick off a hosting uh launch, which is just build my app for web and then deploy it to production. And right there, that's all I needed to do to get this. No park.expo.app. My app is on the web already. >> So cool. That's so cool. >> How fast was that? Like how how quickly did it build everything? Like how long does it take? >> So the web one takes um probably only So it should find a worker in just a few seconds here to build it. We're actually working on speeding this up anymore. So this launch should be instant near instant in a in a very short period of time. Um but yeah once this is running this launch web jobs takes just a couple minutes. Uh launching a um mobile app. So build will probably take about 10 minutes. This is getting faster with SDK 54 uh because we have React Native pre-built binaries uh which basically take like a big compilation step out of like most apps so that you can get uh like an iOS app build down to like five minutes and then it'll take like a couple more minutes to submit. Um there is like a Apple induced waiting period when you submit the app to App Store Connect before it processes it on its end it says it's done. um you know that can be you know five minutes maybe sometimes 10 or 15 but yeah usually your build and submission with SDK 54 will be done in less than you know five to 10 minutes and then you'll probably wait another 10 minutes and then your app will be ready on test flight and you'll get an email from test flight with a code to launch the app there uh to install the app on your on your device it's already running there pre-building building let's see if I've got web is web is actually at 98% done. So, we actually can time web right here. Um, yeah. So, we were where we're 1 minute and 10 seconds in 11 and we're exporting now. We're very close to the end. I bet I refreshed the page. There it goes. Yep, it's done. Yep, it's already on live web. It'll tell you that yeah, you your web app is available right where I was. It has like a separate deployment too that I could have gone and clicked on just for that version. But yeah, that was a total of 1 minute and 18 seconds uh to get to the website uh without having to touch the CLI. And yeah, if you could you don't you could go look at the jobs, but if you just want to, you know, keep tabs on what's happening in general, you can just keep launch open and check in on it when it's done. >> Very, very cool. And Keith, that's it's got the the beta label on it, but can anybody access this today? Is it open to to everybody? And like are there any sort of bigger ch you said you were working on kind of speeding it up, but any sort of bigger changes coming that um people should be aware of? >> Um I mean yeah. Yeah, it's open to open to anyone right now. So yeah, go ahead and give it a try. Um you'll be so the the I think the normal um like caveats of like it'll it'll you'll be logging into Expo. So it'll be based your usage will be based on your plan. So, if you're like on free plan for instance or or starter, it'll use your usage there for like the builds and stuff like that. Um, but yeah. Yeah, it's open to anyone. And, you know, the biggest thing that, you know, we're going to be working on in the future is adding Android to that as well. Um, Android will probably have like the workflow is a little bit different where you often test with an APK file. So, you do like one type of build for something to like sideloadad directly to your phone and then you do another build for the actual Play Store itself. Uh and today Google does make you like upload that file manually the first time. You can automate it after the first time, but you have to upload it manually the first time to establish like the linkage between like your app binary and your Play Store listing. Um so it'll look a little different, but um yeah, for that uh it should work on all three soon. >> Awesome. Awesome. But yeah, got it got me right through uh yeah, most of the test deployment here was yeah, we got the equivalent command if you didn't do that on launch is npx test flight does the similar thing for iOS EAS deploy uh for the web and then you would run EAS build directly for Android today and that would get you to the point you're testing. >> Great. And on the um on the topic of the of the web, there's a there's a question here. Um which see see what you see what you think of this one. So question here about using Expo and then Paddle. Um and for anyone anyone listening that doesn't know what Paddle is, Paddle is a um a merchant of record. So they can help you collect payments uh on the web. um especially if you're collecting payments internationally and you don't want to have to worry about compliance and um you know all the chargebacks and the issues that can can arise when you're when you're kind of selling internationally. Um they effectively provide the same service that the app stores do on mobile but they can do that for you on web. So this question Keith I guess is around you know once you have that that web app can you you know you can use expo and then integrate something like paddle to help you with with payments. Um yeah, any any experience or any anything that you want to Yeah. anything you can you can share on that specifically? >> Yeah, I don't I'm not familiar with Paddle, but um if you can do it on a native iOS or Android app, I mean really when you're talking about like payment processing, uh I think mostly at that point you're talking about like app store regulations, like what do they allow? So um I yeah I guess I guess clarifying question for me is like does paddle integrate with inapp purchase or like does it like how does it integrate in there as a completely separate payment platform? >> It's a it's a separate one. So so you can't do it on iOS and Android but you could do it the expo web app version. >> Okay. Yeah. >> Yeah. So really um really the expo specific question at that point is probably be like platform specific code and there's a few ways to do that sort of thing. You can actually see a very primitive example just in some uh default code I copied from revenue here. So you'll see here if platformos equals iOS or Android I'm going to specify a different API key. Um you can do the same thing platform OS equals web. It looks like it's starting to autocomplete itself there. Um, the other kind of cool thing you can do, this is like makes a ton of sense when you want to like really abstract stuff is you can give files platform specific extensions. Uh, this just doing this right here will break stuff, but that's okay for demonstration purposes. Uh, if I say like settings.web.tsx, this file will only be bundled uh on my web app. So this is especially important if you're thinking about imports that would break on mobile or imports that would break on web. You don't want them to be even compiled in the app. It's not enough just to have like a little conditional. So you might do like settings.native tsx settings.web.tx if you have code in here that just cannot shift to the other one. Um and likewise you can do iOS or Android as well. Yeah. Um does P so does paddle just a Java I was guess kind of curious is paddle a JavaScript library then solely it doesn't have >> essentially okay cool >> yeah but there's also you can use directly uh you can use paddle with with revenue uh integration so if you have like the revenue react native SDK which now also supports the web version >> uh okay >> you should be able to just do the battle configuration on on revenue dashboard and that should work But but unfortunately you can't use paddle for uh inapp purchases. >> Yeah. >> Uh until Apple and Google change their policies. If they end up changing that's that's a big big hit. >> Yeah. So yeah when on the native side you know even you know if you're using it their native libraries um of course uh if it's a React Native library it will work with Expo. So you can install that and use the API like you would in any other React Native app. Um, and if if you run into a future library that doesn't have a React Native library, but does have a native library, that's where the Expo modules API comes into play where you can actually wrap it. Um, pretty straightforward. You can often cases um copy the example Swift or Cotlin that a native library provider will provide. Uh, actually what's become more popular is to ask chat GPT to write a native module, Expo module for you based off of a native API. So, uh, apparently it's actually like pretty I haven't tried that yet. I'm like I'm like a little hesitant. I'm like, can you really do that? Uh, but my co-workers have told me it works quite well. >> Yeah. And actually, Charlie has a good point in the chat that you can also link out in certain regions on iOS like well the certain regions are I think US at the moment. I don't know if there's other ones uh where you can actually link out outside of the app itself to handle the payment as well. But you still have to have inner purchases as well at the same time. you have to provide them side by side but but yeah it's it's a complicated world like what is allowed and what is not >> yeah there's always so many things that can be abstracted um but uh fortunately many technical things can it's just I'm just getting into logistics at the end where you have to be kind of aware of those >> exact you added revenue SDK to this app right how how was it like experience right >> yeah yeah it's quite good I was really impressed with how little code it took. Um, I like I think I'm waiting for a few things to shake out in my like store configurations. Like my Android one has to do its little waiting period guy. I haven't tried the the advice yet to jog it forward, but um actually kind of like one little, you know, fun thing was seeing how these like different keys are abstracted out, which makes it like take something that could feel like really like gnarly and native in a bad way to something that's very much just like I would do this with any other API. And one little little uh combination I did between the default instructions and uh you know just my expo knowledge was I moved my um API keys to EAS environment variables. So this let me you know take these out of my since especially since with launch I was putting this in a public uh source code repository. So I wanted to move these keys out. So what I was able to do was go to um EIS environment variables uh in my project here. Environment variables. I was able to define these as environment variables and then these get automatically put in my app when I build. Um, but they also uh if I want to use them locally, I can run EAS env pull and it will pull those down into um just pick an environment. Uh it'll pull these down into a local. Eenv file. So it's uh you know define them once, get a single source of truth, uh put it wherever I need it. Uh so that was kind of like a nice uh a little combination there. And um yeah, then after that it was just sticking a little bit of settings code inside and it gives really good warnings too about like um you know, oh okay, this thing isn't quite configured yet, so you better go check that. So that's where you see like where I still have to configure a few things. You see some things where it's it's a um you know, it's it's saying I have to do something else. But I'm glad it's telling me and not leaving me uh wondering. >> And um yeah. Oh, the one >> you said that you you built the first version of this app with with both, right? Yeah. >> Yeah. Well, that's also like we've the bulk integration has like improved like a lot. Like now it's like you can technically add ask bulk to just add revenue cat purchases and whatnot and you'll get everything working. You still have to tell it to or or you still have to make a development build, but you basically get all the code parts fully generated by bolt as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. And what I was, you know, related to that, I was going to say um I just noticed that there was um mock uh APIs for um Expo Go. So your app can still continue to run in Expo Go and it'll kind of like stub out those those pieces of functionality that won't work until you make the development build. So you're not in it. You don't suddenly start vibe coding Revenue Cat integration, get to a point where it crashes, and you have to wait until you make a development build. you can kind of keep plugging along, kick off the development build, and then get back to testing those um inapp purchase specific features. >> Exactly. >> Super. I just posted one of the pieces of content, pair two, that you put together on on building with Bolt and Expo, um in particular, but I know I know you've pushed out a lot of content over the last uh the last couple of months. So, um there is a ton of helpful information um on all of this on on our blog. Um, so if anyone needs anything more specifically on on on that kind of thing, then that's the that's the place to go. Um, we're pretty we're pretty much at time. Um, and I don't want to I don't want to go over too much. So So Keith, anything in the like final couple of minutes or pair two? Any any any anything we've not covered? Any little tidbit or or bit of information you want to share before we before we wrap this up? >> Gosh. Um, I mean, like on my end, um, yeah, I feel like it was, uh, yeah, covered a lot of ground there. Um, yeah, I mean, just, uh, encourage folks to, uh, maybe check us out on on our Discord, chat.expo.dev if you have an expo specific question. That'd probably be a really good place to go. Uh, every couple at least twice a month, I do an office hours uh, on there. So, if you uh, subscribe to our Discord at chat.expo.dev dev. Um, and then look for the calendar invite. You can see uh when the next office hours is. I should be posting September very soon. So, come and ask me questions live. Love to hear from you. >> All right. Excellent. I won't keep you too much longer because I I know you were you were going to get kicked out of the uh the meeting room that you have. >> I see people looming behind me. >> See people see people circling. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, um Keith, thank you so much for joining. Really really appreciate it. I appreciate your time. um as I'm sure everyone listening has as well. So yeah, thank you again for for jumping for jumping in and >> thanks for having >> too. Thank you as well. Um and for everyone else, we will be back on Thursday. We have our next uh next uh live webinar on Thursday and that one's all about um tips and tricks for publishing on the app store and the Google Play Store. So kind of building on on some of the the points that Keith was touching on but um some some more on that. So, uh, you can find the the registration page, uh, in the usual place on shipm.com. Um, and we'll post some reminders in Discord as well. So, uh, be sure to to join us then. So, yeah, thank you everyone. Um, and yeah, we'll see you all soon. Thanks. Thanks for having me. See you. Thanks.