Right, I think we are live. We are up and running. Welcome everybody. I can see people filtering in which is great. Welcome to uh today's Shipeton live stream. It's Friday. The vibes are high. Oh, one second. There we go. Sorry, I had a problem with my audio. Um yeah, vibes are good. It's Friday and uh we've got a great session lined up today. So excited to get into this one. Uh Lucas, how's it going? >> I'm doing great, man. Thanks for having me today. Yeah, of course. Of course. And uh tell everyone like where where in the world you're joining from. >> Right now I'm in Buenosides, Argentina and we are preparing for the in real life event for next week. So if you are close to South America or in Buenosides, please join us next week and I will also do you like a free tour of our office space. >> Yeah. You were just you were just telling me your office is five five floors. It's quite a quite a space. >> Yeah. I don't know why. There's no like specific reasons for that. Just I want to have like a nice pace for everyone. So, it will be like a cool event next week. >> Awesome. All right. Well, you you're you're stealing my thunder slightly because I have a whole slide dedicated to in-person events that I was going to run through, but you've you've done it now. So, anyway, >> I didn't say anything. >> Um [laughter] All right. Let me let me share share my screen and uh we'll get uh we'll get going. So, uh All right. Let's make sure you can uh Lucas, you can see my my screen. >> I do. Yeah. >> Yeah. Awesome. All right. So, uh yeah. So, today's session we are going to be talking all about um scaling with meta ads, which I know uh I think anyway is a topic that lots of people will find uh interesting and relevant especially at this stage. We know many of you now have made it through the building part of Shippeton. You've got the your apps on the stores or at least maybe you're maybe you're still in in app review but you're starting to think about the growth side of things. And I think this is a this is going to be a session that's going to be super relevant to those of you in that position. And um Lucas is a a fountain of all knowledge when it comes to this stuff. So I'm excited to get into it with him and uh and uh yeah learn learn a little bit more. Uh so in terms of who we are, my name is Matt. I look after partnerships here at Revenue. Um I've been you you will have seen me on these streams uh before. Uh and then yeah, we're joined by Lucas. Uh Lucas, do you want to tell everyone a little bit more about about you and a little bit about AppStack? >> Of course. So for the past six years I guess now seven maybe I've been working with multiple companies public apps uh like life 360 advising some of the biggest app agencies in Europe and and Latin America uh scaling subscription apps mainly on iOS a little bit of gaming and a few months ago I started with ABSAC and now I'm lucky enough to be like consultant with superpowers because I get to see what everyone is doing and I get to learn from the best founders that use our product. So I'm here to share to share basically what are the things that I'm seeing working at least this year and that everyone should be at least aware of or implementing in their day-to-day jobs. >> Yeah. Awesome. Great. Well, thank you. Thank you for thank you for joining um joining the session. So usual call out uh to ask questions. If you're listening on YouTube, you can use the live chat. Um, if you're listening anywhere else, you can drop into the Discord and ask questions there. We'll keep an eye on an eye on that one. I think most people listening will be well aware of the Discord. Uh, if you're not, great place to go uh to connect with the wider like Shippet community. Lots of Revenue Cat folks in there. Um, so if you have questions on on anything, good place, good place to go. Um, all right. Usual call out that we do. Uh, I didn't I didn't tell you about this, Lucas, I think, before the stream began, but we we always do this. It's a bit of a tradition now on these live streams. we call out uh a few different projects uh that we see are or builders, sorry, that are building in public. So, this is one of our our prize categories. It celebrates people that are sharing their progress as they go. Uh what's working, what's not working. Uh and I just wanted to call out uh three different projects that caught my eye um yesterday when I was looking I was looking for for some examples. So, the the one on the left, Hackan, this is a game called Last Line, which um did you have a Lucas, did you have a PlayStation growing up? I mean, you're you're you're so much younger than me that maybe they didn't exist when you were a kid, but like [laughter] do you? >> I do. I do. Yeah. But >> yeah, >> I only play FIFA. A little bit of Call of Duty when I was a kid, but then just FIFA. >> Okay, cool. Well, yeah. I mean, this um I mean it's not too different to like Call of Duty, but I saw this on my my ex timeline yesterday and I I couldn't believe that this So, this is a game that that Hackan has built called Lastline Line. Um, this year is the first year in Shippeton we've had a dedicated games category and the quality of some of the apps being built for that is amazing and I was watching this uh video and I couldn't believe that this would have been built like shipped launched onto the store in like less than 6 weeks. So, uh very very cool to to see that. Um and then Anna in the middle there uh this was a uh a post she shared about uh improving her payw wall design. We actually ran a session on Tuesday. So, Julie, who's part of the revenue cat team, she's an expert in like all things uh not just pay walls, um lots of different things, but she she was on the session on Tuesday giving live feedback on on pay walls that people had been designing and shipping for their apps for shipon. Uh and Anna had gone away and um uh used that feedback to improve her her payw wall design. So, if anybody else is like struggling with that aspect or thinks they could improve um what they they have on their payw wall, go and have a look at Tuesday's live stream. um but also drop into the Discord because Julie has been doing some um sort of feedback sessions live in in Discord and there's lots of good stuff to learn learn there. And then the one on the far right hand side is Mia who has launched an app despite the fact that she can't do any coding which I I sympathize with because I can't code either and I think it's just very cool that you can now build a ship and launch an app to the stores without writing a a single line of code. Um and so her app travel is now up and running which is great to see. um and still plenty of time between now and the end of September to to focus on growing that as much as possible. So um but yeah, go go check out the shipon hashtag onx um and elsewhere to see how people are kind of building in public. There's some really cool projects uh this this year. Uh all right, and then uh yeah, this was this was the slide that Lucas has stolen my thunder already, but uh yeah, just a call out uh to say that we still we still have over 40 inerson events planned between now and the end of September. Uh so if you go to go to our go to the ship time website, you can filter by location, you can see where all these events are taking place um and uh find an event near you. I think there's still time to host one as well. So if you don't see an event near you, you'd like to host a shipon event uh between now and the end of the month. You can apply um get in touch with the team and we can we can arrange that. Uh but yeah, as Lucas mentioned, we have one we have one in Buenoses. Uh when is that, Lucas? 16th of September. Is that right? Next week. >> Is that next week? >> Yeah, next week. Okay, cool. So, that's that's just one of the of the 40 that we have left. So, uh yeah, head to the website um and uh register for for an event if you have one happening near near you. Uh and then final call out from me just because I think it's cool and I I wanted to put the picture of the boat on a slide. Uh but uh we announced this last week and um in October we are running what we call the shippies which is the big event where we celebrate all of the winners of of Shippeton. Um it's a red carpet like Oscars style ceremony. Um it's the same week where um the winners of Shippet will have their apps displayed on billboards in Time Square. Um as well as Revenue Cat uh running. We have our our customer big kind of annual customer conference that week as well. Uh but the shippies event is its own unique special celebratory event happening on the USS Intrepid which is on the Hudson River um on Tuesday the 20th of October. Um and it's not just for Shippeton winners. um if you're taking part in Shipaton or you're just you know you're going to be in New York uh and you'd like to attend um then you can apply to uh to join us there. So just a call out to say um yeah if you're going to be in New York and you're interested in attending uh then you can head to the head to the website for for more details and get yourself registered for for that. Um all right cool that's everything from me in terms of intro. I'm going to stop uh stop sharing my screen. There we go. Um, and Lucas, I'll hand over to you to take it from take it from here. >> Can you see my screen now? >> Yes. Perfect. So, let me put you here so I can also see myself. Give me one sec. Can you see this now? Yep. >> Yep. Yep. >> Amazing. So um today I'm going to cover uh I would say like a pretty demanding topic across app founders that want that are looking to start growing their applications and it's how to scale meta ads for subscription apps. I'm not going to cover games or uh because you mentioned the gaming category before this is mainly for consumer applications. Um, >> okay. >> And today we're going to cover five different levers that I've been seeing over and over this 2026 uh for the I would say the biggest apps in the app store are actually trying to pursue to increase the return ad spend and scale their budgets. So the first one is going to be the creative testing approach the signal engineering which seems to be like a hot topic. I don't understand why but I'm going to cover like I would say the most uh important topics of this um of this uh do spot. Then uh the PLTV this is like a new feature from meta that has been released like maybe month ago. So I'm going to explain how this works and how you can use it. Then adbased journeys here uh if you're using revenue this is going to be great because revenue is needed to deploy the adbased journeys. Um and then some of the biggest mistakes in meta ads that I see that app founders are doing every single day. So going to the first section is the creative testing approach. So a few months ago I published what I call the SVS framework. Okay, which is stop, validate, and scale on uh Twitter or X, I don't know how you call it. Um, but basically I'm going to explain how the SBS framework works and how you can use it to maximize your return uh on ad spend. So there are four main goals that I would say every single app founder wants to achieve when running paid ads. The first one is to increase the expected winning rate across different ads. So for example, if you're deploying 100 ads per week, you ideally you want 100 ads to be successful. That's not the case, of course, but you want that uh winning rate to be as higher as possible. You also want to save money on low performing ads, meaning that you want to allocate the budget to the ones that are win that are the winners. The third point is that you want to have a structure that is easy to maintain at scale. So, you don't need to be hiring like a expensive agency or like a head of paid media that you can just do it yourself or that you can just plug in your agents and do the work for you. And the fourth and the last one is you want to make a ton of money with this. Of course, that's the end goal of this. So, um, phase one of the framework that I recommend every single app founder to at least consider if it's a good fit or not for them. So, the first thing that you want to know is if the ad network, in this case, Matah is going to allocate budget towards the winning ad or not. Okay, so what does this actually mean is that you are going to deploy a bunch of ads. Okay, and then you just want to see where Meta thinks it's worth it to allocate the budget. Okay, and that is going to give you the early signal of where Meta believes that a winning ad is going to be uh located. So to stop, the reason why this is called stop, it's because you don't need to be burning a lot of money in this phase. You just want to see, for example, let's say you deploy 20 ads per uh week. You just, for example, want to see the first the 10 the the first 10 ads that get at least 5,000 impressions. You don't care that much about the cost per trial, about the about the cost per install. You just want to see where the money is flowing. Okay? Once you reach, let's say, 50% of the batch, in this case, it will be 10 ads, you can just change this number. I mean, one thing you should know, guys, if you're listening to this is that you can break this uh framework, okay? You can adapt this framework. I'm just just explaining uh one approach, but you can adapt this to your current needs. So, let's say that only half of the batch uh gets like approved after hitting 5,000 impressions, then the 10 ads that didn't pass the threshold, okay, you are going to put them into the creative backlog, okay? you're not going to kill these ads forever because maybe you put a lot of effort and money into this and maybe in the future you can test them again or you can apply some future learnings to the creative backlog. Okay, so another thing another thing you should know here uh you want to make sure you control the budget at the adset level. You should be optimizing this is my recommendation for the inapp event that you are using for the scale campaign. Okay, you don't want to optimize for install just give meta the event that you really care about and you only care right now if the budget is going to the ad then just be really broad just like I mean you can do one country but don't like start using audience segmentations like really weird things just keep it broad and you can use the rules from meta if you don't want to be like going into the ads manager every 2 minutes or 30 minutes whatever so phase number two is Once you validated the first 10 ads, you're going to create what I call a gate system. Okay? So there will be like let's say three to five gates that you can define. So a gate is like conditions or like it will be a rule that has multiple conditions in it. For example, gate number one, the ad spend needs to be at least X and the cost per inapp event should be Y. Okay, so gate number one it's going to be more flexible and gate number three it's going to be super restrictive meaning that if an ad reaches gate three means that this ad is actually validated. Okay. So here in this new let's say adset or campaign you want to validate the ads that maallocated the budget first in the stock campaign or in the in the first phase. So once you define the gates and how you want to approach this, then the ads that stop in in gate one, you pause them means that these ads were validated and they're not working. If an ad passes the gate two, you can migrate this to the scale campaign with a condition that I'm going to explain pretty soon. And if the ad hits gate three, it means that it's ready to scale. Okay. So, by putting this uh step in the middle, you're guaranteed that you're not going to affect the scale campaign and that you control the budget. Okay. So, last phase, phase number three, you have your scaling campaign. So, gate three winners go into the main adset. Okay. Gate two survivors, you can run them on a different adset with a cap. Okay. Since you were not that sure that these ads were actually validated, you can just run them with a cost cap to ensure that they will deliver at least the cost cap that you are expecting. Okay, it's expected that around 5 to 10% of the ads will reach uh this campaign. So, it's a long process since you start from the from the first uh batch until the last one. Okay? So, be patience here. Don't rush. and it's expected that you're going to fail a lot during the first weeks. So, things you should care about when you reach the scaling phase, watch the fatigue, okay? Um, always be you should always have like a flow of creatives trying to reach scale. Okay? So, make sure that although the flow although you're succeeding at the scaling campaign, the only reason why you're succeeding is because you did the previous work. So, don't forget of keep pushing ads every single week. That's a really important thing. And then uh don't be up don't be afraid of pausing ads. Okay? Just because for example I've been chatting with a founder was like yeah but but this specific ad was working for the past month and it was really good. So uh but the last week was really bad. I'm going to wait for more for another week to see if it works again. And this guy ended up losing like a lot of money because he was afraid of passing a bad performing ad. Okay. Don't get in love with the ads. So, any questions so far, Matt? No, >> I don't think so. No, I think I think that's uh No, I think that's that's helpful. And and maybe maybe maybe you're going to come on to this, but just B so based on on that framework, where where are people getting getting it wrong? So, that's one example. People are afraid of like pausing ads or falling in love with like a particular ad. Uh where else in that like framework? What are people like not not doing or what do you see most most often? I would say like the step number two which is the validation. It's kind of like the complex step because you need to create the gates and you need to have the criteria to decide which are the ads that are worth it to put a lot of my money into it. Uh honestly the stop campaign it's like just make sure where the money is going first and then you just pause the rest. But the step two is where your criteria needs to have like a I would say you need to have like a great judgment for this to make sure that you're not putting money behind something that it's not going to scale. >> And if you've like if you've never done this before, this may be a difficult question to ask, but like if you answer sorry if you've never done this before, you're brand new to to leveraging or using meta ads and you know you only have a limited amount of budget like what what's reasonable here? like what what should I be what should I be expecting to spend and like what you know what yeah where do we what can you achieve results with and and um yeah how do I how do I ensure that I don't just go and waste waste some money on something that um you know I'm I I don't you know I've never used before I don't fully understand. So what I recommend if you are like if you don't have money in the bank and you just need to be pretty strategic with your budget, uh I will remove the validation phase. Okay, I will have one campaign to see where the money is going pretty like super cheap like $5 and then I will have another campaign where I'm duplicating the ads that are actually getting the ad spend first and trying to see if this actually runs a profitable campaign or not. So that's I would say the most easy easier approach. >> Yeah. Okay. Awesome. >> So um signal engineering for subscription apps. So most of the subscription apps that we work with they have what we call a trial started event. Okay. They could be using Revenue Cat for this for example. Um, and the problem with the trial started is that a 30-cond cancellation from a trial started looks exactly like a six month subscriber for beta. Okay, so there are multiple events that you can optimize for. So the first one could be the install, okay, which is too noisy, quite frequent, but there's no revenue attached to it. Then you also have the trail started. I put that it's contaminated, not because it's a bad event. A lot of companies use it but because uh it's not including revenue and it's not guaranteed that this signal is going to actually convert and then you also have the trial converted. Okay, this is quite rare to have for even even more for apps that are just starting out and it happens way too late. Could be 3 days, 7 days, 14 days. So what's the solution or what's the fix? Um this is what I call the trial qualify. Okay. Uh, and if you're using revenue cat for example and a tool like abstract, this happens out of the box. So you don't need to be doing anything on your site to actually make this happen. So let me explain how this works and why this fix the signal engineering issue for subscription ads for subscription apps at the beginning. So the way it works is that revenue cat has the trial started and then for example what we do is we check if after 2 hours the user didn't cancel the event. Okay, if the trial started, it's still active, then we will count that as a trial qualify. Okay, and the cool thing is that for example today by default the time in which we are checking again it's 2 hours but you can customize that. So based on your own data depending on the vertical the product the conversion rate and so on the first party data that you control you can easily change what we call the qualification window. So it could be instead of two hours it could be 30 minutes, 4 hours, 15 minutes, two hour, uh three hours, whatever. Okay. So we are going to help you build this trial qualification event which is in the middle between the trial started and the trial converted and this could be the best signal that you can have today if you have an app with a with a free trial. Okay. Um is it clear Matt? Did you get it? >> Yeah, I think so. And yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I I I mean I I get it, but um quick question. I'm just going to put it on on the screen from from Andy. So asking whether whether you could also use something like Post Hog um like event logging with something like Post Hog to see where people are actually using the app and how far they get into into different screens. >> Yeah, I mean you can you can do that. Uh I don't think in that flow you will see um how long it takes for a user to cancel a trial. I don't even know if inside revenue they can check that to be honest. >> Do you know that? I don't um no I'm >> I think there will be a way maybe through the API you can they can cross check the data >> but but yeah uh they can also consume the the story kit um to see if they can access that data but but yeah the goal is that you can you should check for your own users how let's say oh this is super important I almost forgot to mention this so my recommendation is that you should drop at least 25% of the users. What does this actually mean? So let's say that if in 2 hours 25% of the users are cancelling the trial, then you should keep it at 2 hours. But if in 2 hours 60% of the users are canceling the trial, I mean, you have like a really weird and bad product, but on top of that, you're going to be sending a really low amount of signals. So maybe you should decrease that to 15 minutes. Okay. So you should know that at least you should drop 25 to 30% of the data to make sure that it's like high quality format. Um so this means fewer events, better events, better beats. Okay. So to turn it on, you can just plug in revenue cut with abstract. The trial qualify will start popping up for you. You switch the event as the primary optimization goal in meta. Then you can compare the uplift against against what you were doing and then you can iterate again the window or like tighten or loosen the window. What does this actually mean? You can reduce this uh from 2 hours to 1 hour or increase it to four hours. Okay. Depending on your own data, any questions, man? >> No. All good. >> Great. Keep rolling. >> Oh, great. >> So the PLTV through the conversions API. Um this is something new. Um so a lot of people I would say maybe no one in the audience is actually using this yet. Uh we are honestly starting the first uh test with some applications uh with this new feature but I just want although it's pretty new I wanted to bring it to you because I would say it's pretty interesting what they are doing um and the fact that it's pretty easy to deploy. Okay. So, um this works through the conversions API. So, this means that you will need to move your events uh to the server. Okay. So, with the app plus SDK, this is not uh going to work completely. It needs to work through the conversions API. Okay. And the cool thing about this uh new PLTB logic is that it survives the AT on iOS. uh you don't need to have the the you need to sorry you need to send the event ID on both SDK and servers so meta will merge the data it's better quality okay for the post fact that we are passing back to meta uh and then it means that you can actually control the payload of the event that you are passing back to them so um how does this actually works so today this new feature supports one uh it's supports a set of standard events. The first one is purchase. The second is subscribe. The third one is start trial, complete registration, and add payment info. It also supports custom events, but for the sake of this example, I'm going to explain it with the star trial, which is the example that we were using before. So, let's say that um you want to go a little bit further in your meta ads and you want to also pass to meta. What you expect that this trial is going to be worth it for you? So what you can do is you can select let's say the trial um qualify event. Then you're going to define a PLTB value that you want to attach that trial qualify and then you map the trial qualified with the with the PLTB value to the standard event which is the meta star trial. Okay. So you anchor the event, you predict the value and then you send it and then you will have the results. Okay. Okay, I will say it one more time. You select the event you want to send. You select the PLTV value that you want to attach to that event and then you map that event to the event that is supported by meta. Okay, which in this case it could be store trial. So here you have an example uh of the payload. So here you can see that you you can send the event name uh purchase the event time and then you can say I want the value of this purchase the value was 142. Let's say that in this case you're send the trial qualified the value will be zero because it's a trial. So the trial will not have any value attached to it. But the cool thing is that since there's no value now for the first time apps can actually pass a value under the predict predicted LTP parameter. Okay. So here it's like I would say like a a complex topic on how you actually decide the PLTV value. You can just put the start trial value or you can I mean if you have a model that's great but if you're just starting out and if you're building apps for the sheep ton just just put a number okay just don't go crazy. Okay. Um, and these are some of the requirements that Meta's uh ask you for. You need to have an existing conversions API integration, a validated PLTB model. I mean, although they recommend this, I mean, if you're starting out, you can just go with a random number. Uh, you can just ignore the five distinct uh distinct values. We will take care of that. You need to have at least more than 100 conversions per week. This could be the issue for new applications. Okay, just for you to know um and you can just use an existing data set and only one event per data set um will be able to include the PLTV value. Okay, so it's pretty restrictive for the moment. Any questions so far, Matt, on how to use the PLTV? Great. >> No. So this is this is one of my favorites honestly which is what I call the adbased journeys. Um and trust me this is I would say most of our advanced customers uh are using this but I don't think it's that complex to use. I always tell everyone that the hard part about adbased journeys it's your creativity not the technical implementation. Okay. It's how creative you can be to bring unique user experiences from users you are acquiring through the ads and how let's say creative you are to adapt the inapp experience to those uh users. So the logic is pretty simple. Um you're acquiring users and the ad says lose 5 kilograms before the wedding and then the app says welcome. What brings you here today? And you know like previously you show this guy or this girl an ad okay to lose some weight before the wedding but then when you the user arrives in the product there's like you lose you lost all the context okay so the idea with added journeys is that you can connect what the user is seeing before they actually install the application and what they see during the on boarding or or the paywall or both you decide what you can do here. Okay. So, um the idea is to show the user something related to what they came from. So, for example, let's say that you have like a photo and video app. Okay? And one of the features that you are selling it's the background removal. So, maybe if a user is going into your app because they want to remove the background for a specific picture, don't show them all the features. just sell them what they were already interested in. Okay? And this is something that we help you to build and you can also use revenue cut for this. And it's pretty trust me that like if you ask me what's something that is actually increasing the return on ad spend in the past few months for people for companies that I've been working with, it's actually this like once you scale to 100k plus and this I'm going to cover this later. It's not the meta ads management, it's the funnel. It's like the inapp customization. So you can use for example something like the apps SDK where we will send the attribution parameters to revenue cat. Then you can create rules inside revenue cat with this data. So for example you can say I want to create a new rule for all the users coming from this campaign name. And the campaign name could be uh uh I don't know people interested in losing weight okay in the US or in Canada. And then what you can do is you can show them like a a specific offer if you have a a unique product or you can offer them like a different layout or message in the table. Okay. So you can connect what they see in the ad with uh with the most important page which is going to be the table in your boarding. Okay. Um so I have an example for you so you can actually like actually understand what I'm talking about. So um this is an example where an app okay it's putting like a different layout or imaging in their pay wall depending on the ad name. Okay, so this is an app where you can just upload a picture of your car and it will animate the background. Okay, pretty simple. And the cool thing about this is that what they do is that if the ad name contains the keyword Porsche, Ferrari or Bugatti, they will show a specific image in the pay wall depending on the ad the user saw before. Okay? So if the user is seeing like a Mustang, they will show a photo of a Mustang here. Okay? Because maybe they have a Mustang. So they run ads for multiple car models. So they are always trying to customize the inapp experience. And trust me, this is making a lot of money for them. Okay, I cannot say the numbers of course, but you get the point. >> How uh Lucas, how how like practically how hard is that to manage? Like if you're running loads of different ads, different creatives. So, let's take this example and you have I don't know how many like sports car brands there are, but like how yeah, how how difficult would this be to implement to then make sure you have a payw wall variation and design that's tailored towards every single ad that you're that you're running? So there are two parts. The first one is we need to send the data to revenue cat. So you have the data always there. That's pretty easy to to set up. The second thing is the target rule creation. Okay. And then how you apply those rules to different payables inside per okay. Of course if you're planning to have like I don't know thousands of conditions is going to be hard to manage at scale. But in this case, they knew that they were running ads for let's say like 25 car brands. Okay? And they have 25 images available to be displayed. >> And that's it. So then the rule it's automatic. It's like dynamic. So if the ad name here contains a keyword blah blah blah, then show this image. If the keyword is this, show this other image. So you set this uh app for one time and it it runs forever. So >> it's not that complex. Okay, >> thanks. >> Okay. Uh, cool. Another example that I just uh remember there was like this app that they were like um I'm not like a big fan of art to be honest, but this app was like to save pictures from like uh art like when you go to a museum and you want to tag all the pictures that you were taking there, you can save it in different folders. But also at this at the same time this application which was like a art collector app let's say had like a different audience which was uh really wealthy individuals that were buying art. Okay, not just the one that was visiting the museum as a tourist but also the ones that were actually collecting the pieces. So there those were like two different segments using the same product. And what this application was able to do with this was that he was they were able to show them like a different pricing with a higher offer for people that were collecting art because they were then they can offer them a different product or features inside the app, you know. So they were able to maximize the return on ad spend by just segmenting this specific audience. So um seven biggest mistakes I see today uh and they honestly they annoy me a lot when I see them. So the first one is um fragment fragmenting your data. Um honestly I've been uh looking a lot of ad accounts lately and I've seen uh people like running one campaign with 50 adset and one ad in each adset and it's impossible to manage. it's impossible to exit the learning phase and it doesn't make any sense. Okay, it's it's going against what meta actually recommends. Um, so just keep things simple. Don't be p don't panic for simplicity. Simplicity simplicity is a great thing. Another big issue that I see it's targeting too narrow. Just keep it broad. But it's quite smart, trust me, today to actually find the best user for your product. Um, the third one is trusting only the events manager. Okay, keep in mind that the data flows into the event manager, but the data that it's there doesn't mean that it's reflected on the ads manager. Okay, sometimes meta is not going to show all the data. So, just make sure that the data between the ads manager and events manager actually make sense. The fourth uh biggest mistakes that I see is judging on CPI uh which is the cost per install. And honestly, who cares? Who cares about the CPI? Maybe you can tell them, "Oh, but my only goal today is to scale and acquire users." Yeah, maybe because you're you're busy back then and you have 50 million in the bank that you need to burn. Uh but maybe people here in the Sheepon um they just need to make money to keep reinvesting their profits. So don't use the CPI as the main proxy. Okay? Just and I will tell you this pretty straightforward. The only thing that you really care about is to make sure that more money hits the bank account than what's going out. Period. That's the only thing that matters. Okay? If the CPI is higher than the benchmark, who cares? You're getting your money back. And if you're getting the money back, at least a break even. Trust me, you're doing more than 90% of you're doing better than 90% of the apps out there. Okay? So doing a break even when you're starting out in your first months, it's not bad. Of course, you want to make more. Of course, you want to improve, but trust me, if you're making your money back, it's great. Um, the fifth mistake is that you are obsessed with conversion events. And if you're new and you don't have the volume and you don't have [clears throat] the money, you are cooked. Okay? you cannot send a signal that it's not happening quite often and that you cannot afford. So if you are optim let's say that you have a hard pay wall and you are charging a subscription $100 and you have no money, it's going to be hard for you. It's going to be tough because the amount of people doing that action will be pretty low and also the cost of that action is going to be really high. So you don't have volume and you don't have the money. So be strategic on how you price and what's the event that you were selecting to optimize your campaign for. The sixth, it's being obsessed with EQS. What is the EQS? It's the event quality score that you will see in the events manager. Okay, so this is like a proxy for Meta to understand all the parameters that you are passing back to them for them to match the inst the event to the campaign. Okay, if you're above 5.5 points or six points, you're fine. Okay, here the most important parameter that you need to be sending to them is the click ID. The click ID, it's what actually moves the needle. Okay, I've done multiple experiments using the wrong links from other channels and doing a mess and the only thing that was actually linking the event to the ad was the click ID. Okay. So that's the most important one. Uh and the last one is something that I mentioned before which is that some uh apps will start to scale let's say 20k 30 50 100 whatever and uh maybe they get to 100k and then what I see is that they stop seeing the profits coming in and they just start to do a break even. That's when you start to need to need to be obsessed with for example adbased journeys. Okay, you need to have a great product. So I can tell like a quick uh story from a an app that I know that uh works with us. This guy, he's I would say 26 years old, 27. He he doesn't know how to code. Okay, he so he's by coding uh an app. And the other day this guy calls me and I was like, "Hey, Lucas, can we jump on a call? I have some questions." I was like, "Yeah, sure. Whatever." And this guy, by the way, is Ar's Argentinian. He's coming to the in real life event uh next week. So, if you want to meet this guy, you should come. Um, and this guy with that he he was building his first application. I don't know if he was part of the ship or not, but this guy was spending 2K a day on meta ads. And I was like, wait, what the is going on here? And then I checked the cohorts and he was doing a 2.1 ROAS on day zero. Okay, so meaning he was like printing money and I was like, what is this guy actually doing, you know, because it's really weird to see those cases. Um, and one of the things that he was doing pretty pretty well was that the ad like the thing that people the thing so the the thing that was sticking people to the ad was not being show at the end but it they it was showing the promise that it was inside the application. Okay. So I don't know if I'm explaining myself but let's say that he was it was an app showing it was about I cannot say the app of course but it was I want to say it but I can but the thing is that the app was going to like retain users until the end but the thing that users wanted to see was not in the end. So it was like okay I need to download this app you know so then they downloaded the app and then the call to action in the label was to see the same thing that the ad was promising. So he was linking the promise between the end of the ad and the call to action in the payable and it was a hard payable. That's why there was a ROS on of two on day zero. >> Yeah. So the thing the thing the user was the thing the user was seeing in the ad and deciding that they wanted was then you had to download the app. You had to pay for the subscription and then at that point is when you you you get the promise. Is that what you're saying basically? >> Yeah. But he was warming up the user in a really crazy way within the app and I was like and trust me it happened to me. I was like, I want to see this, you know, I want to watch uh the what's remaining like how this how this actually looks like. And uh it was it was a really good job. So I would I would say that's something you should consider if you want to like make money out of this with no experience. >> Yeah. Okay. >> And then uh yeah, the scaling stack adbased journey, creative testing, leverage the PLTB feature and make sure you're using the right event through the conversions API. Um, yeah, that's it. >> Awesome. Thank you, Lucas. That was uh that was super interesting. Um, we do have some questions which we can we can dive into. So, we got this one right at the very start. I'm going to put it on screen now because it's I think it's like very relevant to because I mean you talked a little bit there about people that are spending like $2,000 a day. Um, which is a lot of money. Um, or people that have a much bigger like creative uh budget. Um, but obviously a lot of people building for Shippeton maybe not quite in that position. Um but also just deciding they're like at the start of the journey, right? So question here on like I've already have an app published. Should I start scaling with meta ads straight away? Should you focus elsewhere? And maybe maybe like a broader question to you would be what would you look for from like an app before maybe saying yes it's start to time it's start it's now time sorry to start investing heavily in in meta ads. So the way I see it is that it's how committed you are uh to actually grow the business. So what I mean by this is that when you are starting out running ads on meta ads is just an investment. In your head you should be thinking that I'm investing in this to get some information in return. If you're expecting to get your money back you're cooked when you're starting out. So how how committed you are to pay for information. That's the way I would see it. So if you have some um some cash in the bank that you can deploy to get that information, this is going to be great because not only you will know if you're profitable or not, but you will also have some product analytics information to see how your product is converting. >> So that's the way it like if if you have the money, I will put some money into ads just to see how it performs. Uh, and I will also focus on organic distribution. >> Yeah. Okay. And if you had, so let me let me like ask you, it might be a difficult question. Say you say you'd built and shipped an app and you had like $1,000 to spend like practically what would you what would you do? Like would you follow that the framework you were kind of talking through at the start? Like what would you like where would you be where would you begin with that? How how would I get the most out of that amount of money? How would I learn like you know as quickly as possible and and get the signals that you're talking about? So in that case I will try to minimize the amount of uh the cost that I will put for the creative. So a bunch of people that I work with they're just founders that they record themselves and their own content is one of the best performing content that I've seen. So I'll just record myself explaining how you I mean you need to be a user. If you're not a user it's going to be tough. Uh but I would just record myself and I will deploy that content as a founder content I would say and give it a try and I will be optimizing for trial qualify and see if I can get some money back. Uh but that's what I would do just like deploy like 10 to 25 ads and see how it goes and maybe put $500. >> Yeah. Okay. All right. Awesome. Uh very quick question here from Andy, but it's definitely worth answering because um for those like very new to this just Oh, sorry. I'm showing I'm showing the wrong I'm showing the wrong question. Um, but we can answer this one first actually. So, this is like link to the adbased journey stuff. Um, and if you're showing if you want to show like different revenue revenue cap offerings based on the the ad that's been presented. Um, does it require pre-approved IEP entries? So I mean I can I can take this one and then Lucas um you can add your thoughts but but yeah I guess the short answer there is yes in the sense that like a revenue cap offering will be linked to a product that's already exists in the stores either in Google Play Store or the or the app store that has been approved. And so you don't you're not setting the pricing necessarily in in Revenue Cat. You're just determining which of those products is appearing as part of that offering that's presented to the user. So, um, yeah, you might have a an annual subscription at $40, another one at like $30, another at 20. Um, they're part of different offerings in Revenue Cat, and then there that's what's being served up to the to the user on the on the pay wall, basically. Um, yeah, Lucas, anything you'd add to that? >> I mean, uh, one thing you should know is that, um, >> you can just not increase the price out of nowhere. Like, ideally, you should be like treating the user with a different uh, benefit. Okay? If not, it's going to be kind of like illegal maybe against the terms of service. So protect yourself against that. So if you want to increase the price for any specific user, make sure that the offer at least is different from something that other users are paying. [snorts] >> Okay. Um >> yeah, nice. Uh and then we had a question on um like what meta ads, what platforms meta ads covers. Uh so just to be clear when we talk about meta ads we're talking about like Facebook, Instagram threads, right? It covers all of those platforms. It's not just like Facebook actually. Now I think they're releasing ads into WhatsApp status which is the same format as real >> and another thing that could be included it's uh the audience network distribution which is just basically um showing ads inside third party applications like could be I don't know Candy Crash or Clash Royale or whatever. >> Yeah. Okay. Cool. Um all right I'm going to ask you a question on on on whether you know anything about Tik Tok. So, um, the focus for this was on on meta, but what about Tik Tok ads? And do you like do you have any experience with Tik Tok ads, Lucas? Any like any differences or bits you want to share on on that versus Meta? >> Yeah, I mean, I would say Matt is more of like a standard that tends to work for most companies. I would say like there's like a lot of um like I I've seen multiple companies failing on Tik Tok multiple times and not able to scale it while MATA was a really good fit for them. Like I would say it's more frequent to see companies succeeding in MATA than in Tik Tok. Um >> and sorry why like why why do you think Yeah. Why is that? I think that I mean there's like a maturity um it's a matur maturity issue of course on the platform. I would say meta is more advanced than than Tik Tok uh on how they deliver the ads. Also, I would say um I don't believe today it's the case, but uh a lot of like apps like the audience maybe it's not the best on Tik Tok to convert for like let's say highend products. I would say uh also maybe I I don't know I would see like even like I see multiple cases I I I've been doing like this analysis internally where like a lot of users are actually clicking on Tik Tok but then they see the ad on meta and then they compare in meta ads like it feels like Instagram it's more like u they trust more if the ad was placed there I don't know why but it's it feels more authentic um but I don't know Like also I would say the way the the ads look, the product, the vertical, uh I would say Instagram is like the most solid one so far based on our data. >> And you would maybe start there if you were going to pick a platform to start with then you then that would suggest you you'd probably start with with Instagram over anything else. >> I will do meta. Yeah, of course I will do meta. But if you want to do organic, Tik Tok is good. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Cool. I'm not sure I fully understand the question, but maybe maybe this makes more sense to you, Lucas. Like, uh, Andy's asking if there's some if there's some lead time on posting content to different channels to then optimize the ad timing. >> Not sure I get it. >> It's posting content. >> Yeah, Andy, if you want to if you want to share a bit more a bit more context on on that one, we can we can dive into it. I'm not sure I I quite follow. Um, all right. Do we have any any other questions? Um, if you have any more questions while we're here, we've got we've still got 10 minutes left and Lucas um Lucas is a is, as you can tell, is like a great expert in this space. So, if you have any other questions, please pop them in the chat and we can we can ask him. Um, let me just check the Discord as well. Make sure we've covered everything that's been asked there. Um, okay. I'm gonna put you on the spot, Lucas, but have you seen anything um any projects so far being built as part of Shipon that you think have impressed you? Anything that you've uh any builders that you've maybe connected with? Um [laughter] I should have I should have maybe warned you about that before the start of the stream, but uh yeah, anything that you've seen so far that you're Oh, yeah, that's cool. I think the ship is a great place to build. [laughter] >> There you go. Okay. Good, good answer. Um, >> like the most political answer ever. [laughter] Uh, no, no, but on I mean I would tell you next week because we're inviting a lot of people that are building and I'm going to speak with them. Actually, we have like a bunch of requests from people uh building in the Sheba creating accounts inside AppSac. Um, and we have been tracking them independently and they have been moving pretty fast. Uh, >> nice. >> So, I would say I don't know the exact numbers, but I would say they're they're moving forward. >> Uh, at different each one at its different uh pace, but they're doing I mean, they're moving moving on. They're investing money in ads. They're curious about it. So I I I have a question for you like um the I don't remember if the biggest prize was for the app with the highest MR. >> Yeah. So we have the I mean we have so many categories this year but the grand prize is for the app that Yeah. basically gets the most traction like the most amount of revenue uh the most users in the two month in the two-month window. Yeah. >> And they that's for the uh Yeah. So they can Yeah. Yeah. They can spend money on ads. Like you can Yeah, you can spend money to to to to to acquire as many users as as as you as you want. Um but that's not the only that's not the only category, but that's the one that has the biggest prize. That's the $100,000 prize is for the app that yeah generates the most revenue um in the the window. So um yeah. Uh there are a couple of questions here on Discord. Actually, I've just gone back and had a look. Uh Lucas, actually I think these are there's a couple of good ones here. So there's one about um like app categories and whether there's like particular apps that are really well suited to meta like certain verticals and any that you think struggle. Any insight there like any any particular types of apps that seem to like then the ads and the content perform well versus maybe some where it doesn't or or would you say actually it's more about like having really good creative and then um regardless of what the app the app does? I don't know, man. I've seen too too many working across different channels uh that I honestly I was like there's no way this is going to work and it actually worked and I said that multiple times across my career and I promised myself that I was not going to be biased against any vertical product anymore in my life. Um, but what I can tell is that if you have a really good eye for design, if you're really strategic on how you present the offer, how you convince people to click, how you on board the customers inside the product, there's a really high chance it's going to work like at least uh doing a break even. Um, and the cool thing about what we do in this space is that you can get the information of what the apps that are doing many are actually deploying to production. So you can see how the on boarding of a successful app looks like. You can see their ads on the ads library. So it's pretty open game, you know. So I mean I'm not going to say you just go you should just go out and copy everyone. I'm just saying like you will know what it's working for other companies if you just do like a quick research. >> Yeah. >> And I don't know if this happens in other spaces honestly. >> Maybe in com it does. >> Uh I don't know. >> Okay. Um question from Aaron on like any thoughts on your side on the like Apple App Store ads versus Meta and those two like different channels. Um would you like again like if you're just getting started what would you where would you which one would you lean towards? >> You know the other day I was chatting with a founder of an app uh and he he was a really great expert on Apple ads. So he built an app and he decided to only do Apple ads and now he he scaled that to like 200k a month. I don't know how only by just doing Apple ads. uh and now he's expanding into Google search to app by just using the keywords that were working on Apple ads and deploying deploying them into Google search. Um I would say that if you want to make money just focus on search results don't go into like the other placements. I would say they are more like for branding or like big enterprises that just want to have more impressions and awareness. So just focus on search results. Uh, but yeah, I think it could be a great a great tool. Um, also keep in mind the branding terms. Don't be lying to yourself with that with low cost per trials because you're just bidding on your own keyword. Um, that's kind of like stupid to do, I would say. But I know a lot of cases that they were able to scale by doing the longtail uh competitors keywords, so it could work. Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Thank you. Uh, all right. Couple of just um shiponyy related questions that I can answer quickly. So, one around uh struggling to get through app review and whether you can use test flight for the final uh hackathon demo. Uh, short answer to that is no. Sadly, to be to qualify for um unless you're part of the student um uh sort of I think it's nextgen category. Uh to qualify for any of the categories, your app needs to be live on the store. So, we know we know people are finding a little bit difficult to get through app review. We actually have a session that's a great segue actually. This like that's that's worked out perfectly. We have a session on Tuesday all about getting through um app review and some top tips there. So if you're struggling uh Tuesday session will be good for you uh to to be um tuned into for that one. But yes, you need you need to have the the app live on the store to to qualify before the end of September. And then just on the grand prize thing I was touching on. Um so uh I should clarify it's not just um revenue that we look at for the grand prize. uh that is one factor, but we do look at some of the other like qualities uh of the app as well. There's some other criteria that go into that. So, uh the winner isn't necessarily just going to be the person that spends the most amount on ad spend and generates the most amount of revenue before the end of end of September. So, just a quick clarification on that one. Um and I think looking through the chat, Lucas, I think we've answered everything else. Is there anything else um just before we wrap that you you'd like to add? Where where can maybe where can people find you if they want to they want to connect with you? They want to learn a bit more about AppStack or or anything that we've covered today. Where where can people go to to find out more? >> They can just like send me a message through LinkedIn or X. Um and again uh everyone should come to the to the Shipon event in Buenosides next week. >> Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Go check that one out if you're if you're in Buenoseras. That sounds like it's going to be a good one. Uh awesome. All right. Well, thank you everybody for joining. Um, appreciate you all uh tuning in. Lucas, thank you so much for taking the time to do this as well. Um, it's been great to learn a bit more about about Meta and everything else. Uh, and yeah, we'll be back on Tuesday with the next live stream. Um, and we look forward to seeing everybody then. Thank you very much.