bar in a Droid con, Fluttercon, so a very big Android conference. Just gave a talk yesterday and I'm a I'm a developer advocate. So giving talks is one of the things I do in addition to answering questions today. >> You want to tell everyone about the uh about Revenue Cat's booth and the setup that we've had this week because it's kind of interesting. Yeah, we've gotten a lot of attention with it because the booth is first of all, it's quite big, but that's not even the like the the biggest eye-catching detail of it, but it's the fact that it's completely red. There's not a not any other color on the booth. Like, we're wearing red overalls and and like the carpet is red, everything, the tables are red, all the swag is red. Like we have a limited edition bag for the event that is completely red stickers in everything. I think I even have we have socks. We have limited edition socks that are >> they look like they've gone in the wash with the wrong the wrong like a red t-shirt and they've come out the wrong color. >> Exactly. Everything looks like someone put a red overlay on top of everything. >> So it is it is it is quite trippy. >> I saw a picture of um of all of you and then the the overalls that you're wearing. Rick was saying to me uh that when you step out of the conference, you just look like kind of car mechanics without without the booth and the background like out of context. It looks a bit odd. Yeah, >> exactly. Yeah. >> Cool. All right. Well, um yeah, this this session we we don't actually have a specific topic for today. Uh we don't have any other kind of special guests joining really. This session um is just a just an opportunity to uh host a Q&A. So, uh, the idea is that if you have any last minute questions, um, or things that we can help with to help, uh, you get over the line, the submission deadline is is next week. I think we have five five days left. Um, so if you've got any questions about, uh, filling out the dev post submission, um, anything to do with the apps that you've been building uh, that we can try and answer uh, before the deadline. Um, that was the idea behind today. So, um, I'll share my uh, share my screen in a second. We have some slides, but um yeah, just please those of you that are listening on live storm. Um please uh use the chat, use the questions feature. If you're listening anywhere else, um yeah, you can you can submit questions uh in Discord in the usual place uh and we'll try and we'll try and cover them. We have had some submitted ahead of time uh and some questions that have been cropping up over the last few days um a little bit more frequently. So we'll we'll tackle those uh as well. Um but yeah, please uh please ask questions. Um otherwise this is going to be a very short and sweet session uh with with not much for us to not much for us to cover. Uh all right let me let me share my let me share my screen. Okay. So um you know who we are by now. There's the uh call to ask questions. Uh so for the final final time I think this will be the final time. Maybe maybe we'll do this uh one more of these next week when we have our our kind of uh celebratory final live stream. But uh a couple of uh call outs for uh the the people that are building in public. Um I have another three examples that I I took uh from my my timeline this morning that I wanted to I wanted to spotlight. Um so the first on the on the left hand side there um that is Mithlesh. I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. Um, and as I do with most of these when I spotlight it, I I hadn't come across his uh project uh so far, but um he's building an app called Dripped, which is designed to help you decide what to wear. So, you can kind of upload um your clothing uh items as I understand it, and then it helps you piece together um items. And he's kind of shipped the the first version of his app. He's now improving the UI and making design tweaks and edits. And you can see an example in the screenshot there. And uh yeah, it's just kind of cool to see the improvements that he's he's making and pretty quickly as well and still, you know, still doing that with uh you know, with less than a week to go before the deadline. So um a good one to go and have a have a look at. And then in the middle there, we have Heday Taka who um Peru and I actually met back in uh it seems like a year ago. It was when was that? Was that end of July? I think it was right. Like >> Yeah, I think so. Yeah, end of July. beginning of August between the midpoint of that. Yeah, >> that's right. Yeah. So, we were we were in um we were in Tokyo for our revenue cap was hosting a a vibe coding um cafe and at the end of the week uh that we were there, we launched Shippeton. Um but Hide Taka was there and he was telling us about the fact he was going to run um this 60-day uh challenge and take advantage of of Shipeton and he's been posting videos and pictures and and things the whole way through. So he he's he's kind of stuck to his uh stuck to his promise. Uh but I thought it was quite cool to see that he's taken inspiration from Taiwo, who we featured last week, who has literally been building in public. He's been going around um very kind of iconic locations in London with his a table and his kind of foldout sign and getting people to give him feedback on his app. Um and Heday Taka was doing the same outside a as you can see on the screen outside a castle in Kyoto. So very cool to see that that like literal building build in public um get a table, sit outside somewhere and get feedback that that um that movement is is growing. So kind of kind of cool to see. Uh and then the final one on the on the far right there is uh a screenshot I grabbed from um Tammy's timeline. And Tammy is a a self-taught iOS uh dev. uh I think this is the first time that they've participated in like a hackathon and in shipon and they've started sharing um uh kind of thoughts and learnings and feedback uh through uh articles on medium and just very uh kind of interesting and cool to go through and see that. So now we're kind of at that stage of uh people have finished building and uh kind of I guess starting to to think about maybe what they would have done differently if they were to to be back at the beginning of August again. So, uh, well worth going and and having a look at at their timeline and having a look at the medium articles. Uh, and then at this point, we would normally call out upcoming in-person events that we have on the calendar, but sadly, um, we don't have any more. Um, we we've finished, there are no more inerson events planned. Um, we'll do a bit of a recap next week, but, uh, we've had events like all over the world this time, uh, this time around. It's been really really cool to see. um right this very second in Barcelona though there is an event taking place. So if you if you by chance happen to be in Barcelona and you're listening to this and you're anywhere near the lead tech offices um there is an event a shipon event happening there right now. I got these pictures about two minutes ago um from Rick who is who is there and um sounds like a cool event, very cool uh cool space. Um so yeah, big thank you to the to the lead tech team for for hosting that one and that will be our our kind of final uh inerson in real life uh event that will be will have been hosted this year. Okay, that's um that's kind of it for the roundup. So uh I Oh, I see we have we do have a few questions. Do we have a few questions that come in? do. All right. Well, why don't we why don't we start with those P two rather than the ones we've got prepped because then we can make sure that those that are on the on the stream get answered. So, um where do you want to start? Should we do uh let's do let's just start from the bottom. Um >> yeah, let's do the upload file. >> Yeah. Um all right. So, um uploading a file as part of your submission. Uh to upload multiple files, put them in a zip folder. Should we upload an app APK for this section or a pitch deck or something else? Uh >> uh you should put the video here if or you can put the link to that. >> I don't actually remember but do you have like a zip file? I don't think it's required to have a zip like a file upload. >> I don't think so. >> No, I think it's a you can put it there if you want like a check or stuff like that and and additional pictures if you if you want but it's not required. uh what is required is the video and and the description of the app. So now you need to upload the app. Uh of course this the dev post is going to be public. You should put a link to the to the download uh also. So we can find it but also people when they look at the dev post submission later on when we publish all of them people can find your app that way as well. I think that's that's the only things like that are actually required. >> Yeah, I'll um I'm going to dive in and and have a have a closer look in a second. So, um I just confirmed that, but yeah, I think that's that's right. >> Um okay, cool. Um all right, got one from Tanme here. So, what goes in the image gallery and where do the app screenshots go? Um >> uh I would put them there. Uh >> yeah, >> there are some I think the guidelines say also what kind of screenshots. So we're going to show if you end up winning, we're going to use the screenshots of your app. So please use ones that actually look like best present your app. We're going to use them on the billboards for the winners and also in all the other marketing materials as well. So, so if especially if you now have time to polish your shop mission, pick the best pictures, make them look nice and make them shine. That's that's always a good idea. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's why we ask everybody to share the the the images is because we have I think we have like a 24-hour No, actually, no, that's it's not that that short. We have a very very tight turnaround between submissions, picking the winners, and then having to uh give the company behind the New York uh like the Times Square billboard uh adverts the the images, right? And that's why we need them. Um that's why we need them in the submissions. Uh so uh >> yeah. Okay, cool. That's that one. Um all right, then we've got one about the video. So should the app demo video have just a screen recording or is it better to have a complete device demo? Um yeah, what would you recommend? >> Yeah. Uh I've actually written an article about this. So there is the series of blog posts called uh how to win shipathon and the fourth one focuses on pitching the video uh pitching your app. And our rules say that you the the judges are only required to watch the first three minutes of the video. So they don't need to watch the whole video. So if you make a video that is 10 minutes, they're just going to watch three minutes. Uh and in that three minutes, you should be able to communicate what your app does. So if if it's enough to do a like a demo screen recording of it, then do that. But in most cases, you probably want to have maybe narrate a bit like what you're doing. Uh maybe explain like uh you could even explain like how you end up going with certain design decisions and whatnot. There can be a section also where you talk about the app, why you ended up building like ended up building it and and how did you accomp uh your user base, how did you market it, how did you build in public, those kind of things can also go in the video and the judges will will will look at the first three minutes. So as much as stuff you can >> cram in that to get the idea of the app across but also to tell a little bit about the process the better. >> Yeah. Okay. Perfect. So yeah, focus on the first first three minutes. I've just posted the link to your um to that blog article that you you were talking about that's in the in the chat uh for uh for anybody that wants to to have a look at that one. So um yeah, that's uh that's great. Okay. Um then we have I think this is more of like a a technical question. I'm not sure I quite answer. So do does the pay do pay walls cater for multiple apps or does or need each for each app? Um oh this is I think this is a technical question. So you can use a single payw wall for both iOS and Android. If you have an app for both iOS and Android, you can decide that this whatever pay wall you're building will be shown for both. But you can also of course be with the targeting functionality in in revenue cat you can decide to show a different type of a type of a dashboard uh for Android users. And in some cases you might even want to do that. Let's say that for example if you have a a different type of an offering for Android user maybe you have like a weekly and and and yearly subscription and for iOS you want to go for monthly and a yearly subscription thing. And in one of them you want to highlight the let's say trial period then then use the targeting to to set it so that Android users get a different different uh payw wall. >> Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Um all right. This is great. We've got loads of questions coming in. So keep them keep keep firing them. Keep firing away because uh this is this is um this is what we what we're here for. Um all right. So one here from Wenny. Are we allowed to push new up? Okay. This is a question that's come up quite a bit and I've seen this in Discord as well. So, are we allowed to push new updates after the deadline uh but before the end of the judging period? >> Yes. The thing is that the judges will look at the video. Uh if they get like really into your app, they might download it and use it as well, but we we don't guarantee them doing that because there's a lot of submissions to go through. But that doesn't mean that you should stop like updating your app in in any way. actually you should like we hope that you continue building the app even after the the the hackathon itself is over uh and growing it. So >> push away. It doesn't will not affect the judging will not get you disqualified but also won't be like a criteria that judges look at >> yeah you don't need to pause you don't need to not touch your app um after the the submission deadline is the is the answer there. So um >> okay cool. Um, all right. Heday Taka asks, uh, for the video demo link, is it okay if this video uh is a story style? Oh, we have a surprise guest. >> A wild Charlie. >> Uh, maybe. Can you hear me? >> Yeah, we can hear you. >> Yeah, we can hear you. >> Okay. Okay. Good. Good. What what's funny with the livetorm platform that we host these on for everybody listening when when you're on stage so I can see myself I could see pair two and then when someone else joins it's um it's a black screen for for a moment so you have no idea who's going to appear so >> dramatic reveal >> who's this going to be >> where are you uh where are you in the world Charlie >> I am in Bangalore India uh hopefully the the airpods are drowning out the pretty pretty crazy traffic noise uh outside. Um >> yeah, >> has lived up to Okay, good deal. Perfect. Uh yeah, so it's it's been a very fun day. Um but I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to make it, but uh I got back in time. >> Glad you glad you've made it. Yeah, that's uh awesome. Well, we're we're just running through um running through the questions that everybody uh are submitting. We've had we've had quite a few already. Um, so yeah, and and please everyone keep keep firing them into the chat and and elsewhere. Uh, so yeah, this one um on the video demo link. So, uh, is it okay if this video is a story style clip that shows the product concept along with parts of the actual screen demo or does it need to be a full app walkthrough video showing all the transitions? >> I would say yes that it can be that as well. you don't have to show everything about the app and you don't necessarily even want to do that. Uh if it doesn't like like you want to make a memorable video. That's how I would put it. Like when judges go through it, the more memorable you can be in terms of like what your app actually does, the better. Uh if you end up just going through all the features your app has, then that might like towards the end especially of the three minutes things might sound a little boring. Yeah, Charlie, any other >> I would also >> Yeah, I would keep in mind too that like you have those three minutes to to pitch your app, but you're not just pitching it for people to download it to buy it. You're pitching it for the shipon. So, if you think your app is a good candidate for the design award or the uh uh uh the for the public good, I forgot what we called it now. uh the prize prize award or the build in public award. Like if you >> if you think that your submission is really qualified for one of those, >> make that part of the story that you're telling um and like pitch it hard on one of those. your app. It's not like you have to pick one to be eligible for, but you can definitely tune your submission to to really like steer towards or or really promote it for a specific category or set of categories if you think you know you have a really good shot there. So, don't like just remember this isn't an ad for people to download and buy your app. Um, although it could be one of those two, but it's an ad for judges for for judging who should win in each separate category. So, you can keep that in mind. >> Am I muted? I was muted myself. Yeah. Great. Okay, good. I thought it was me. >> No, >> I did. I lose connection. But >> very much me just forgetting to un untick the mute button. Um so the I was just saying one question we had uh in advance of this. I've seen it a couple of times. So, I think there's a maybe a little bit of confusion around the submission deadline and whether the app first of all your app needs to be published, but then we've had quite a lot of questions about the 14-day um period on on Play Store and um what you can do there if if if there's going to be a challenge kind of, you know, the submission deadline comes before the end of the 14 days. So, maybe um yeah, what both of you could just talk to that for a for a second. >> Yeah. Uh well I can mention that the only way to like fully circumvent it is to have a business account in Google Play. So business accounts in Google Play are not required to have the 14-day uh submission rule. So it's worth at this point if you if you still like haven't submitted or you haven't done the testing period to look if you could actually have a business account. So that could be your small business uh account that you just create and then submit it through that. If in case you're already doing the testing, uh there's a there's like a guide that Jay Wong wrote on getting around it. I would check that. There might be still something you can do uh to push testers, for example, it but you still have to do it in 14 days. So, so hopefully you've started it just inside the 14 days and can can still get 14 days before your release. But in any case, like record the video, wait for the submission to go through hopefully and and prepare everything for for it to like if at last minute when the submissions close you get your app accepted, that still counts. Just prepare prepare everything in advance for for the death post submission. Okay, great. Um, one more question from dev post was on promo codes. So, uh, for providing promo codes for judges to unlock, uh, inapp purchases and test all premium features, are the inapp purchase promo codes generated from App Store Connect acceptable? >> Yes. Yes, that should be fine. Um, I'll I'll say too with those is like that's less of a big deal than it was last year because last year uh we were requiring everybody to download it and pull you know see what your premium features were and we weren't requiring the video. Um, so you know like we've already stated, make sure that you're showing off the premium features that you want to show off in your video and then you're guaranteed that the judges are going to are going to see it. Um, and you're not relying on the promo code working correctly or anything like that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Um, let's do this one. Let's do these live ones. Um, so Heda, another question. Uh, so there's definitely one for you, Charlie. Um, so imagine must be really challenging with fewer than 20 judges and around 50,000 applicants. Yes, I think it will be. Um, has it already been decided how each of the projects for each award uh will be evaluated? Yes, this is a big project and outside of, you know, flying around the world, this this is really what's been keeping me up at night. Uh basically we have a like multi-step uh like process of scoring limiting those and um and dropping those down to a a set of nominees that then move on to the like the judge the proper judges for more stringent evaluation. Um but it is going to be tricky. Another note here is that 50,000 is the number of registrations. Uh I would say most people who register are not going to get an app actually submitted. Um so that number will definitely be smaller in terms of the actual apps we have to submit. Um, and then there's also a bunch of like if it's if it's the same as last year, there's a bunch of apps that will be either like invalid for reasons like they were submitted outside of the judging window or they are linking to a test flight app. Uh, and maybe this is a good point to or good time to call that one out too. Last year we got a lot of links that were linked to test flight. Uh, and that is not valid. like we need it to be in the store. Uh well, test fight or uh I forgot what Google's testing system is called, but either one of those. Um those are not valid. They need to be in the actual store. And so I think and I've seen some this year that are test flight links. Uh and it looks like some of them are people who put placeholders in for everything else and then they're filling them in as they go. Uh but don't forget to update it back to the app store uh p uh link because it will immediately be invalid if we don't have a link to an app store uh an app store app that's been shipped in during the the window of time that we have. So that was a long kind of long-winded answer but yes it is challenging. Yes, we do have a system. Uh, and also I think there will be maybe a severe lack of sleep on uh the part of some of the people uh sitting here. >> Yep. >> Yep. Um, all right. And then this is a this is a linked question. So, what does the what does the timeline look like post submission? So, when can uh people expect to hear news about whether they've they've won um category? Yeah. So, officially uh you know this is this is all this is just between us, right? Officially we are announcing the winners at our at our conference. Um but I believe our current plan now and I don't know the exact time is that we will announce the winners on Monday, October the 13th. I think I have that date right. I'm doing that off of memory. Um because that is the day that the billboards in New York are going to start. And so that feels like that makes sense. >> Um, >> so that is the day that we will be announcing the winners. Um, I don't have an exact time code for you now, and I'll leave that intentionally vague just because I personally want the ability to scramble to fix some last minute thing if I need to. >> Yeah. Okay. So, within within kind of two weeks of that submission deadline, um, notifying everyone and the results will be announced. Yeah. Um, and that's actually >> is not something we're going to forget about. Uh, if you haven't heard anything, it's it's because we're running through our our judging process. Uh, still. >> Yeah. Okay, cool. That's a really good plug as well. So, we have our as as Charlie said that the winners are announced at the um will be announced as well at our app growth annual event. That's on the 14th of October in New York. Um, but that week we have a whole series of events taking place. We've turned it into New York app week. Um so if you haven't seen that already um um go and take a look if you're based in in New York and you want to get involved. There are like a ton of events and meetups and all sorts of things happening that week. So um it's not just the app growth annual kind of conference that we're hosting that's happening. Um there are other things to get involved in as well. So if you're if you're in the area and uh interested in that then uh then take a look take a look at our New York app week agenda. Um all right cool. Then we have oh we had one from um I I spotted earlier that was on on dev post uh just about I mean it's an easy answer this one but good just to clear up any confusion but for the design category um in particular is it necessary to have revenue cat integrated into the app and the answer for that one is is yes it's the case for for every every category um so that's uh that's an easy one uh and then for the um the cotlin >> really quickly on that point uh it can be just like a tip jar. Like I know people, especially for people doing the one like uh the peace prize one, there's people that are like, I don't want to charge for my app. Uh you know, most of these apps are people thinking of trying to build businesses or whatever, but sometimes people it's like they just want to be available to everybody. In those cases, you can just put a like a tip jar uh in settings or something like that, and that is totally fine. >> Yeah, that's a good tip. Um good tip on the tip jar. Um all right. And then one on the one for the Cotlin the the Cotlin award. Uh so should we do we have to publish uh on both the play store and the app store to be eligible for this one? >> Yes. >> Easy simple answer. >> Yeah. Yeah. Simple answer that is. That's right. Yeah. I think that is on the uh so on the dev post um the rule section you'll see that under the pull right now. >> Yeah it's on there. I I I did check in advance of this just to make sure we were covered. But yeah, there's um yeah, under under the category specific like rules. Um that one there. Yeah, you have you have to have it published on both the app store and the and the play store. Uh all right. Um we had a couple of others I wanted to ask from Devpost as well. Let me just pull those up. Um uh okay. Well, we covered >> Oh, go ahead. >> No, go now. Go on. Go on, Charlie. >> I was going to say I do see one in Discord. >> Oh, yeah. Sorry, Andy's got >> Well, maybe you guys actually, it's possible you guys have answered this already. Uh, but Mitchie asked, uh, is there a way to submit which award category you're aiming for? Did you guys already talked about that? >> Oh, no. We missed that one. >> Okay, cool. Well, I mean, I kind of sort of hinted at this, I guess, with the the the thing about video submissions, but no, you don't say specifically. The way that we're determining that in order to make like judging easier is uh most of the categories, I don't want to say all, but it might be all, have a section where you can write, you know, what about your app makes it good for that submission. If you put none or NA or you leave that blank, then we're assuming you're not going for that one. But if you have anything in there at all, uh we're assuming you're you're going for that one. Um so that kind of answers that like uh you don't need to do anything in order to submit for a specific category. Um, but you can definitely tweak your whole submission to aim for one specifically uh by frontloading that in the video or something like that. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Then we had a question a follow- on question from Andy linked to the Cotlin uh the question on the on the Cotlin award. So, does the app need to be fully functional like identical on both the Play Store and the App Store? I don't think so. Um, >> no. I would assume I mean like obviously I think this question is like there's a feature that I can do on one and not the other because I don't have time or something like that. But >> I would assume that multi-platform apps are going to have differences between the two. Um, and maybe there's features that are enabled by system level integrations that you can only do on one or the other. I think that's I think that's totally reasonable. >> Oh yeah, sorry. I've seen Andy's he's posted in in Discord as well. asking because I have a really cool feature I doubt I'll have ready in time. It might try and slip in at the last minute. So, it might only need to be approved like only be approved on one store, not both. So, yeah. >> Yeah, I think that's totally fine. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay, great. Um, we've answered that one. All right, so yeah, please uh keep the questions coming. I um we've we've worked through all of the ones that we had in advance on uh dev post and discord and I think we have um uh okay we have another one here uh all right uh will the winners be present at revenue cats um at growth annual conference? Yes. Or well they can be so uh you know because of the the deadline or the the timeline uh it kind of depends on if travel arrangements can be made for everybody but uh the the winners the first place winners of please correct me if I'm wrong on this because I don't have it open in front of me but the first place winners of the grand prize build and grow award and the hashtag buildpublic award we're covering travel to to send you out here. Um, that being said, uh, first place. I shouldn't say that. Yeah. So, that's that's who we will cover. Um, but we will we will be doing a presentation at the App Growth annual conference that will include all the winners. >> Yeah. >> Um, in terms of the showing them in the in the presentation. >> Yeah. And that that will be that will be streamed live, right? So anyone can can join and and watch that that part of the of the app growth annual conference where we where we present the winners. >> Andy's calling me out uh for my trying not to get in trouble face. I I'm operating I think I've been I should do the math but uh I woke up at you know like 6:00 a.m. in central time on Tuesday. I don't know what time it is right now, central time, but I I think it's I think it's been a a hot minute since then. So, uh that's why that's why I keep saying please tell me if I'm wrong because I'm not exactly in full functioning. >> Everything you've said on this live stream is is the truth. I'm sure what we're taking. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. Good. Good stuff. Yeah, that'll be that'll be that'll be a fun part of the day. And yeah, well, that will be that will be streamed live and we'll we'll share the links to that and and how to how to watch that ahead of ahead of the uh ahead of the session, too. Um All right. Um anything anything else? Um we can we'll keep this running for a minute because I can see people like typing away in Discord. Um and give people a chance to ask any more questions here. But I guess while we're while we're waiting to see if anyone asks anything, is there any like Charlie and Pu, any any LA like last minute tips, five days to go I think it is until submissions are due, anything that you would call out or any other kind of questions or um things you've seen people asking that you you want to you want to share with everybody? Um, I would say that well, yeah, just a real quick one is that five days is still a lot of time in terms of like if you built your app and it's just missing the submission, you can still get it over the finish line. Definitely on iOS, Android might be slightly harder. Uh, just today at DroidCon, I've heard multiple horror stories that Google's review times have gone up in time significantly. So, especially if you're building for multiplatform, uh, focus on one at least make yourself eligible for the for the price. I, for example, have not submitted my shipathon app yet. So, I'm I'm definitely counting on five days being enough or six days. I think since six days, but yeah. Yeah, definitely it's possible to get one through. I mean, as we've been saying, I think since the beginning, uh, ship early, ship often. Like the earlier you can get it in, the better, and you can always do an update. Uh, but I like app review on on Apple's side has gotten marketkedly better. Um, there's still plenty of horror stories, but like on average, it's definitely a lot faster than it used to be. >> Yeah. Okay, Neat. Let's um let's tackle these uh these questions that have come in. So um another one on the on the building public award. Um so will all of the judges be evaluating the building public award or will there be judges assigned to each each category? >> So the the sponsored categories are the judges from that that company that sponsored that category. So those are those are more specific. Um, for the rest of them, like I said before, there's this initial uh screener process where we like score everything and it'll be that will be like the first process that creates the list of nominees that then go to the the main judges and at that point the main judges outside of the the sponsored categories uh they will see all of them all the categories. So, it's not like one judge is only looking at building public stuff, one judge is only looking at uh the replicat design award. Um they'll be looking at the nominees for each of the categories. So, hopefully that makes sense. So, it is not true that every one of the main judges will see every submission uh because mathematically that's going to be impossible. Um, but the ones that make it through that initial screening process, uh, will be. >> Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Um, all right. And then another just like clarification question on the video. So, should this be really more of a pitch to the judges? So, should you use your your three minutes to pitch the judges judges and explain the features, give a bit of background rather than it being like an app trailer? 100% except with with the caveat that an app trailer is is kind of also part of it too. >> Um like it's it's but it's completely it's a it's a pitch to the judges, but that pitch does need to Yeah, exactly. Like explain what the app is and show off the app and make it seem like a compelling app >> for that category. But just a straight trailer for the app. Um it might be like amazing. Uh, and that it's not like that's couldn't possibly win, but it's going to be you remember you're going to be competing against people who are going to have a them making a hard case for specific categories and uh so you have to keep that in mind. >> Yeah. Okay. Um, it's a good question from Justin. So, my app requires GitHub login to join. Should I create a means for judges without github to login and test the app? Um, so this is kind of an interesting two-parter, I think. Uh, in this specific case, uh, like we are going to be making sure that the the apps that win are what they, you know, showcase in their video. Uh, and I I can I think I I can feel pretty confident saying that we have GitHub accounts and so actually the GitHub one is probably not a big deal. But if your app requires a login to something for it to operate or be able to see that it's it works the way that your video submission says it does, you should definitely provide some mechanism to make that possible that isn't like a fiveday process of creating an account and creating a bunch of content or something like that. Um because yeah if for the winners we are going to make sure and somebody will be downloading and making sure that the app has everything that it needs and if we can't validate that because we can't set up an account or anything uh then that's going to that's going to be a problem. So yeah >> yeah know also you do need the login for the app review process for Google as well. So if you can share that same thing what you did during the review uh that's of course like one thing uh but just share it privately don't put it in the public section of this post admission >> but yeah that's a good point like you should if if that's the case for your app you should be doing that for the app reviewers uh for Google and Apple anyway >> or else eventually that will probably bite you. >> Yeah. Okay, great. Um, for the video itself, uh, the video submission, can it be an unlisted video as long as the link work link works or does it have to be publicly visible? >> Um, unlisted. Yeah, unlisted is fine as long as the link as long as somebody clicking that link can go to it. Um, yeah, that should be totally fine. >> Great. Um, and then got a question from Wy here. Um, so I think uh, so vive coded my app, not that confident with my implementation of revenue cat. Is there somewhere I can look for like developers or I guess help um, to like validate how they've implemented revenue cat? Um, what would you guys recommend for that? >> I'm going to let you uh, take that one as our resident vibe coding expert. >> Yes. Okay. There's few few options. So the discord actually could work for that. You could just post a question that hey this is how I've implemented it. Um also just like since you wife coded it it's not like out of question to also ask GBT that hey this is my implementation is it correct? Be critical point out if there's some problems. That's like also one thing that you can actually do. And if if nothing else uh just contact me for example and I I can forward to to to the support or whatever is needed or help like let's say if it's built with flutter or react native or anything else then I can probably answer your question in in a single message. So >> awesome. All right. Great. Um >> resident vip coder that's a that's a new title. That's a title you didn't even realize that you had. Hey, >> no. No. >> All right. I'm just doing another once over on the dev post and Discord just to see. Um, so yeah, this is a any any final questions, please um please submit them. I think we've captured everything that people have asked live and I'm just checking to make sure we've covered everything that um we had in advance, which I think we have. Um, yeah. All right. I'm not seeing anything else in uh in in Discord. Don't think there's anything else in the chat. Um, yeah, guys, anything else? Anything else you wanted to share like with the with five days to go? any Charlie maybe any any teasers for next week like celebration um live stream that we we have fully fleshed out and have ready to go. >> I mean basically like getting like this whole thing is is kind of crazy. Uh building an app and shipping it to the store is is a is a big accomplishment and it should be fun. And like this part of the process uh especially as I'd say especially the app review part of the process as I'm sure many of you already have experienced is such a stressful thing that sometimes it can by the time you get over the finish line you're sort of limping across and uh you're just like ah I'm glad that's over and then you kind of move on with your life and you forget to be like whoa like I made a thing that is out there and like real people can use now. And so we we just kind of wanted to do something fun uh at the end. And so uh quite frankly, I don't think we entirely know exactly what that's going to be. Uh but we would like to just hang out with you all on on Tuesday, the the last day, and uh just kind of like celebrate the stuff that we I think we're probably going to just bring some of the stuff that we thought that has been really cool that we've seen uh this year, both apps and building public stuff. um and the the chip on IRL energy that we've seen. Um and we'd like to hear from you all what stuff you all have liked. Uh so yeah, that's not maybe the best pitch in the world, but uh >> I'm excited to do something uh just to have fun. >> Yeah, I was going to say part of part of the fun >> Yeah, part of the fun is is uh is is the uh uh us not knowing yet exactly what it's going to look like. Uh but yeah, no, it will be I think I think you're right to call that out. I think it's um yeah, it's right that we should like celebrate the everybody that's taken part and submitted and got like a project and an app over the line because it uh it is as you say, I think it starts with like a lot of excitement and a lot of hype and then it can it can feel like a a marathon. So yeah, I definitely think it's worth us taking taking some time to celebrate everybody. Um all right, I have one more question that's come in. Oh, sorry. Pu, do you have something? Yeah, I could I could add to that just like a like a thing. So, since if you've gotten your app out, you've released it, what you can start doing now while you wait for the results and whatnot is actually prepare for promoting your app. So, create a promotion, a discount code, whatever. And when like when the dev goes public, goes post goes public when when the winners are announced, have a promotion up for that. uh use that to capitalize on on people being interested about the winners and the apps and whatnot. So they can actually download your app, they can purchase a subscription or it or whatever is your monetization method. Like like that's what you can do while you wait for the results. >> Yeah. Because at the end of the day, you still have this uh after this is all over. >> Exactly. Um, and for some of us that's like a business, a way to make money. For some of us, uh, certainly I'm in this category. I just like having a, this sounds like a really lame way to phrase it, but I like having a muse. Like when when we get some new tool or some new framework that's really fun to build on, it's so hard to convince the company you work for to let you hack that into your app and play with that new framework. But when you have an app in the store, it's like you have this thing that you can keep updating. And every year when the new versions of iOS and Android come out, you can tweak some things and kind of learn what's going on and run ahead of the curve in terms of what you can do in your day job. Uh if you have a day job, like that alone is just such a fun thing to kind of have and carry around with you. Um so yeah, think about that. Like follow through even after all this. Yeah. All right. Final final couple of questions I think we have. Uh so does it make sense to apply for some additional categories even though uh or even if you're kind of specifically trying to optimize for one, does it make sense to apply for for the additional ones as well? >> Yeah. So again with the understanding that what we mean by apply is just fill out the question that asks about other categories. Yeah. It's not going to harm you to to do the other ones. Um, and maybe you're underestimating, you know, how qualified your app is for for a different category than what you were specifically aiming for. So, yeah, I absolutely would. Um, I think the the one where you need to be more like conscious of limited resources is the video. You have you have three minutes of guaranteed time. And so if you're gunning for a specific category or set of categories, build the most optimal pitch within that three minutes for those. Um but if you have extra time, definitely also, you know, make it make the video beautiful and showcase the design of your app. Make the um talk about the build in public stuff that you did. Even if you don't think, you know, that was a huge focus, if you did build in public and it was part of your story, then yeah, definitely do. >> Yeah. Okay, great. And then um okay we have we had to ask one question about the ship kits because we've had we've had many many a question and a request about the ship kits uh during this uh during the shipon window. So um this is a good question though and it's about like will the ship kit expire after the deadline. I can I can I can try and answer this and then um you guys can jump in as well. So I think um for for those uh kind of codes and offers that are part of the ship kit that provide you with like a month um worth of access to the the product um in question or a number of credits as long as you redeem that code before the sub deadline you will be granted access. If you try and redeem it as I understand for the majority if you try and redeem it afterwards um it won't it won't it won't work. So it it depends a little bit on the individual um the individual offer and who it is um that that's providing it. Um but that take that as like a general rule of thumb. Um and then obviously if you try and get a ship kit like after the deadline that that's just that there will be no more issued um after we after we close uh the shipon submission window next week. So um yeah, I think if you're planning on haven't redeemed any codes, are planning on redeeming them, make sure you do it before uh next week's deadline is what I would say on that one. Um, yeah. Guys, anything else you'd add add to that? >> No, that's my understanding, too. >> Cool. Okay, great. Um, I'm going to do one more sweep of uh Discord. Make sure we've covered everything there. I think we have dev post And I haven't missed any questions in the chat, I don't think. So, I think I think that's everything. I don't think we have um any other any other questions or or topics to cover. Um so, yeah, guys, thank you. Thank you very much. Uh we got way more way more questions. Pu and I jumped on this beforehand. We're like, I don't think people will have too many questions this close to the deadline window. We're just going to be sat here like twiddling our thumbs for half an hour. Uh but that was that was there was some great questions there and hopefully we've we've answered um everything that anybody has. If you do have any more questions that crop up between now uh and next week, use the Discord channel um or or use um use email. You can get in touch with us at shippetonrevenuecap.com or or you can contact any of us directly as well um if you need anything kind of last minute. Um but yeah, guys, anything you want to add before we before we we before we sign off. >> No, I'm excited uh and also scared uh to get to the end. >> When what what does your what does your what are your movements what do they look like between now and and next week? Are you still going to be away next week when the when the deadline closes or are you >> No, I'm I I come home over the weekend. I'm here for 72 hours. uh which is a short time to to be in India coming from the US but you know uh shipan takes priority. >> Yeah. Awesome. Okay. Great. Well, thank you guys for joining. Appreciate it. Charlie, enjoy the rest of your time in India. Um pair to enjoy the rest of the time in Berlin at Droidcon. If you're going to be anyone that's listening that's in Germany or Berlin, if you're going to be at DyroidCon, make sure you go and say hi to the Revenue Cat team. Um yeah, otherwise we will uh we'll see everybody. >> Bangalore back. Yeah, of course. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, >> of course. >> We got we got two of us. Josh Holtz is also here. >> Um and a lot of revenue cap fans as well. >> Awesome. Okay, great stuff. All right, guys. Well, we'll see you both uh on next week's live stream when we can we can celebrate everybody that's uh that submitted. So, uh looking forward to that one. >> All right, sounds good. >> All right, great. >> Bye. >> See you everyone. Thank you.