live. Uh, normally before we before we get started, we kind of let people shuffle in, say hi in the chat, tell us where they're coming from. Uh, but today I just I literally just saw this tweet uh right as I was getting ready. And I thought it would be a fun uh some fun intro music. Let's see if I can get this working though. Share with audio. Yes. All right. So Aaron uh made a theme song for their app, which I think all apps should have theme songs. So I don't know if that's [music] a bit loud. [music] [singing] Maybe little known facts. I don't know if this is wellknown or little known. Uh but Revenue [music] Cat has I would encourage everyone here to make their app. This is not business advice. And stop that and uh stop that and let's get things going. Are you ready? I'm ready. All right. I'm going to try and get these slides up here. Share. I'm a professional as always. All right, there we go. Right size. Cool. All right, welcome everybody. Um, let's see. I'm not seeing I'm not seeing people popping in the chat. Can people let me know if we are actually live here? Is anybody out there? I'm there at least that we are live on uh Twitter and LinkedIn. All right. Yeah, we have people. All right. Um so today, uh we are at what is it? 14 days. Is that right? Uh 14 days until the end of the shipon. So we are getting close to the end here. And as we'll see here in a second when we do the community uh shoutouts, people are submitting apps. Apps are going through app review and some apps uh sadly are getting rejected. And so today we're going to talk about all of our uh best advice that we have for how to not get your app uh rejected and make it through app review so that you can get in in time and be uh eligible. So let's talk about who we are. So for starters uh as you've seen many times I am Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revenue and the self-professed captain of the Shipeton. And with me is the actual real this year, captain of the shipan, uh, Peru Latini. Uh, which I'm getting closer and closer to pronouncing correctly, but as usual, I'll let you say the correct way. Yeah, it's a Finnish name, so it's all right if you if you I sounded basically exactly the same. Yeah. Yeah, I think it was good enough. It's I' I've heard many versions of it and and like something like it is a pretty difficult thing because I've had it wrong in my passport as well. Uh not the first part but the last seems like it's a real problem. It was a real problem problem and when I went to the police station where we usually pick up a passport and I told them that I have a wrong name in my passport they were like get out we don't believe you. So, I had to come there with my mom and a birth certificate that no, actually this was my my name. Uh, or is my name and they're like, "You hopefully don't have any copies because they had accidentally manufactured a completely fake passport for me." Wow. This was when I was a kid. This was not like last year. I I don't have to bring my mom to the police station behind the curtain of working with Peru. Literally every time I talk to Peru, I learn some crazy new story. And uh had a uh fake manufactured passport is is a new one on my list. But it's not just us two. It's not just us two today. So uh to talk about uh how to not get your app rejected, we're bringing in some experts here from our uh sponsorship group. And so let's see if I can bring them in. So we have uh David Espazito and Robert uh Casta. Is the G silent. It is. Yeah. Castia. Oh, okay. From T minus. Uh and so they are experts at exactly what we're going to talk about here. And they are uh sponsors of Revenue Cap. But before we move on, uh do you guys want to give a quick explanation as to what T-minus is? Yeah, I'd be happy to do that. So what's up everybody? uh Devon, CEO of T-minus. And quick blurp about T- Minus. Basically, we're an AI agent that gets iOS apps approved onto the App Store uh by filling out everything that App Store Connect asks for and submitting the app for you. Basically, we built this for indie developers and small teams, especially those building with uh AI tools who want to ship their their app and every update after without the hassle of the submission process. So super happy to be uh on the call with Charlie and Peru and um looking forward to this conversation. All right, thank you. So before we get into that, a few uh notes in uh Shipon the Shipon world. So first, like we said, we're 14 days out, which means if you are submitting uh your first app with a new developer account on Google Play, today is your drop deadad date to get your app uh in to I always forget the name. It's not test flight. I always call it test flight. The beta testing uh system on Google Play. Peru, can you save me here? What's the name of it? Yeah. So, close testing is what Google calls it. Uh Google internal testing track. Yeah. So, their system and we have a blog post. So, this uh QR code will go to the blog post that our colleague Jay Wong wrote about getting through this process. But Google has a pretty uh kind of I don't want to say like overly strict, but it's a long process to get your first app in the store. And it requires being in beta testing for 14 days and having a collection of beta testing users. And so today is like literally the last minute. And honestly, you're really cutting it close because you'd have to get like a 24-hour overall review time uh after you get through just the beta testing. But it is maybe possible at this point. So if you're watching this and you haven't done this, do it literally like maybe even get off this call and do it immediately because you need to get on it fast. Um, but if you want to learn more about that, uh, definitely check out Jay Wong's post there. And then let's talk about what's going on in uh, the build public world. So, people are posting lots of things. Like I said, uh, we have theme songs being created. U,, but these first two are highlighting what is the exciting part of this phase of the shipon, which is people are shipping. Uh, so Omar got a I think it was actually an update for him, but it's got a bunch of big stuff in there. iPad support, Sentry, Postto. Uh he got an app through app review and approved. Uh Nicole got her app uh her first version of the app live in the app store. That's very exciting. And then uh Peter, I saw him point out something that is worth just calling out here which because this is probably applicable to most people in the shipon which is Apple has a program called the small business program and you have to explicitly apply for it but it's for any apps that make less than I believe it's a million dollars uh per year is the way which again most shipon apps are probably in this category at least initially. Um, and if you apply for it, your cut from Apple goes from 30% down to 15%. So, it's just like free money. Uh, so if you haven't done that, if your apps in the store, you should definitely apply for this right away and get that cut down. So, just a nice little PSA uh coming from the community and then uh ship it on IRL. So, there's been events happening all over the world. Uh, as usual, they are continuing to come in uh hot and heavy and it's been very exciting. Everybody's been sharing their pictures. As you can see, there's been a couple in Spain and uh multiple in India. We had one in Osaka, Japan. Uh so very very cool and there's still a lot coming up. So you can see in the next seven days, there's quite a few. There's a bunch happening even today. Um so there's probably one happening in your area even still uh as we get into the the sort of back quarter of of the Shipon here. So definitely check that out and find other ship builders near you. And then of course, thank you to our sponsors. You can see there uh at the bottom of our alphabetically sorted uh list here is Tminus. So one of our sponsors is here with us today, but there's a whole bunch that have made the shipathon uh possible to be as big as it's been this year. So big thank you to all of them. And yeah, let's go ahead and get to the meat here. So I'm going to hand it over to Peru to kind of run the show here. Do you want to share your own screen or do you want me to just uh bounce slides? Let's I'll let you run the slides. It probably easier that way. Uh sounds good. Have to change then. So if you go to the next one. Uh so so this was I think already last week I I wrote a guide called the late submitters guide to getting through app review. Uh you can find it with the QR code but also it's on revenue's blog and also shippeton.com shippeton.com's blog. So you can read it from there and it goes much of the same stuff that I will cover here uh but in more detail and uh it focuses on three different tracks uh but the main point so if you go to the next slide ah wrong button there we go is that the deadline is closer than you think uh so 14 days uh depending on if you haven't submitted your app uh it is even closer. But even if your app is already in review, this is going to be a pretty tight period uh for you and you need to be monitoring very actively what's happening uh with your app submission no matter if it's in App Store Connect or Google Play Console. So like we said, Shipon requires that your app must be publicly available. Uh so you're not eligible to be part of Shibaton if it's in test light or in a testing track. Even if that is an open testing track on Google Google Play uh you will not be eligible to win any of the prizes. The only exception to this is the nextG category. So for that we do not require you to have an active developer account with Google or Apple. Uh there you can actually have an open testing track. That is completely fine. You don't have to publicly release. You are of course allowed to also publicly release your NextG app, but that's the only case where we allow apps that are not released publicly to compete. Um, and once you go even through that, it still might take a little bit time before it shows up in App Store. Uh, so if you're launching your app on the last day, let's say that it even goes through it goes through the reviews, please release it at least 24 hours before so that it's we're certain that it shows up. Also make sure that it's available in US. That is one of the requirements that our judges can if needed download it and test it and we don't have any other market requirements but US is is one of those. So your app needs to be available and downloadable from from US. uh if it's not go check your uh settings in app store connect or Google play console uh and definitely do that when you submit your app for a dev post for the final final submissions uh and yeah and then like there should be like some version of your app should go into review today or like you submit it for review it might not get reviewed today uh but it should be you should have started the review process so per say and I think there's a comment, oh gez I guess that means I won't get approved in the six days. Uh I would say that that's still a possibility. Uh Apple has been oh like I guess this mostly uh applies to Apple which has had very long review cues at this point. I think you might still do it in six days and you do have 14 days. It it probably will get reviewed during that time. You just don't have a lot of time to make corrections. Uh, and I also add to that too, like Apple is in a weird state because yesterday they just released the new version of iOS and that has a weird impact which is they get a lot more traffic during that time, but they also bulk up their app review team. Um, and so what you'll see is you'll see a lot more variation than normal because if your app gets flagged in some weird capacity, it has to go to a certain person to review, they might be backed up really bad. And so some people will end up with these longer than normal review times, but then a lot of apps like I've had I had releases at least that I made uh last week, they got through in like 12 hours. And I've seen new apps get a really get through app review in less than 24 hours. And so I wouldn't say, you know, uh 6 days is remotely not enough time. In fact, I would expect that within 24 to 48 hours, most apps will get through right now. Um, yeah, but because of well because of the just load that they've had all summer, but then especially adding on to it the the new iOS releases, um, it you could end up stuck in sort of lo some sort of log jam. So, the advice generally stands, which is get your MVP out as soon as humanly possible, uh, because you're going to increase your odds if you can get it get it out sooner and then you can get updates out, you know, after that. Yeah, exactly. Um, let's look at the few different like stages you might be at. So, next slide. Uh, so yeah, this one. Oh, there's a title hasn't updated, but that's fine. Like, so this is what it might look like for you at this point. So, some of you might be in the first category. You have not submitted anything, no version of the app for review yet. uh you're in what I would consider the high-risk category of if you're actually get your app through the review uh even more so if that is if your app is only for Apple uh because Apple has taken quite a lot of time during the last August and September what we've been monitoring with getting apps approved if you'reing targeting Google Play I think your chances are better of getting your approved so what probably happens is they they review it in a few days and then it probably gets rejected. At least that is very common with the first version. Uh and that starts the so-called review fix loop that you fix something they review it again and and hopefully eventually you make it through. So I would say that if you are in this first category with your shipon app like submit your app today drop all the things you've been thinking about adding that are halfbaked just submit the only the core experience version of your app for review. uh if you have inapp purchases uh consider dropping those so that you can get it through review quicker. That is what usually uh might help in some cases. It's not a sure way but usually apps that have inner purchases uh get accepted or reviewed not necessarily faster but they get accepted faster. And if you get your first version of your app accepted by Apple or Google, the next review after that after your app is already available has a higher chance of getting reviewed faster. So order should be that you review uh do first version without the inner purchases and then add them in the next version. And this is also because usually the app with inner purchases from the start uh gets rejected on the first go because you add forgot to add uh privacy policy or terms of service for example. Uh some of the stuff we will cover in the later slides. So uh focus on that getting the app into review Q today. Then some apps might already be in the review queue. So in that case what you should do is prepare for rejection. What this means is that you should for example record a video of you doing the inapp purchases, doing the authentication. That's what [clears throat] usually what Apple for example has been very recently asking. The video really only applies to Apple at this point. Google isn't really keen on asking the video as Apple is. But showing the video how your app is supposed to be used, how the authentication works and prepare all those materials in case your app gets rejected. So you can instantly give them the video that hey here's how the pay works. If you need to make updates your app that make those possible, you for example notice that there's a bug that will probably get it rejected. Fix those already, submit them to App Store Connect and be ready to if your app gets rejected to submit a new version of the app immediately. that like multiplies your chances of your app getting reviewed the next day again. And other than that, grade your def submission if you haven't already. So it even if you're waiting on your app to get reviewed and accepted, you can work on your death post submission. Add all the necessary information there. record the video of your app in use so that once you're cutting it very close to the deadline of shipon that's at least one of the things you don't have to focus on is for example recording a video of your app in use for for shipon and then there's the third which is the the lowest risk category so app was recently reviewed or rejected I would say that if you're in this category there's a high chance that you will get your app reviewed in a stores in the timeline of shipon as long as you don't push new versions with new features because those usually take more review time and can set the review time on you to be longer and so just wait work on your defo submission in that case we're getting a lot of com we take some of them yeah I was going to I was going to before we move to the next slide make sure you do that so the the first one to bring up here is just based on your last uh number there they were saying if the app is rejected why work on dev post rather than make submission passive What you're saying is like focus on the app first getting it to review. But if you're in a waiting mode, so if your app was rejected and you made some tweaks and then you submitted the fix, then then you can focus on dev post. But yeah, like getting to app review is the highest priority over dev posts no matter what, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't like for example, let's say that your app is still missing inapp purchases, for example. Don't focus on those. just fix the bug or whatever Apple Apple or Google flag, submit it for review so that it goes uh through as fast as possible. Then while you wait for that to happen, work on your death post or work and if you have your death post done, then work on adding data purchases because that's something your agent can do. They can add uh a purchaser very easily, but they can't make a good death post submission highlighting all the best features of your app. So don't leave that for the last day. Um, and then there's another one on here saying, "Their app was rejected twice so far and they've been pushing updates in between. Do they review each submission fresh each time or are small updates okay?" So, I'm going to take a stab at this and then I'm going to pass this over to either Devon or Robert because I'm curious your take on on this too. But based on my experience, if if your app is rejected, it kind of lives in a in a separate lane where you can have a conversation with them about that rejection. And so if you make if you make small changes uh based on fixing that rejection, they will just look at those changes generally speaking and help you like resolve that. And most of the time they don't then go dig through the whole app. But if you're making a bunch of new feature updates in between, then they might see that and be like, "Oh, this isn't just for this rejection and they might actually restart the the review completely." So, my personal recommendation, and again, I'm going to pass this over to to you all and see what you think, but my recommendation would be uh only focus on what gave you a rejection and get that through rap review for your first version and do your small updates as like on a branch or something. And as soon as that one gets through, then create your next submission with that those updates that you made. I see Robert, you unmuted. Curious. I'm gonna echo this I'm gonna echo the same thing Charlie. I sent a similar message in the chat as well. And tying it back to what Purdue said at the earlier in this conversation. Um the best thing to do, it's kind of a hack is to just get that base version of your app through because that first review could take you six days to even get a signal back from Apple. But I think what we've all seen is the same where when you're pushing updates, you're looking at a much much quicker time frame and and honestly a much less strenuous review process generally too. Cool. Okay, that makes me feel better uh to hear that from you as well. Um let's see. I see another question on here that's like, "As a non- US resident with US-based LLC, I need to submit, you know, these specific tax forms." I'm not going to lie, my eyes immediately glaze over, as do probably most people when they start seeing tax form numbers. Uh my advice on this, which is extremely a copout, is use chat GBT or Gemini or whatever and talk through all of this because uh all the unique situations per countries can be pretty confusing. But Apple does document all of this stuff. Um it's just esoteric and hard to find. So, usually that's like the best approach I've found when I'm working with somebody from a different country or they have a business somewhere different than they live or whatever is like outline all of that in an LLC. Um, I'll throw it to you three. Uh, I know Pu at least you have experience, you know, with different countries of residents and businesses, but I I don't know if you have advice uh also for this. Uh you can actually I have not used this personally but a company I I work with at some point uh had problems with Apple and and certain like agreements and they were actually able to arrange a call with the uh app store review team to get them over uh those points. So I don't remember the exact site uh website where it is uh but there is a chance like a like a form that you can submit that you can talk with the app store team in case you you need help with something. I don't know how active they are but that is definitely like they actually will I've I've had I've actually gotten on calls with them to deal with uh like switching accounts from business uh to otherwise. I know people who've gotten rejections who use the, you know, call me feature and were surprised that like they got a human being and actually had an interaction. I think we think of Apple as this giant monolith in the cloud that will give you nothing because that's normally how we get interactions. But there is actually a form where you can like get on a phone and talk to somebody. And so um there is a points where that's the only real, you know, solution that you have. And actually, I think that's going to be the same answer for this next question, which is which makes me laugh, although I feel really bad, which is I got denied on a Samsung business account because my company address is too long, which we've all run into stuff like that before, right? It's like, how is this even possible? Uh, we these are computers, but this kind of stuff does happen. And I think in that case it's almost definitely going to be dive all over uh their developer documentation and find the thing where you can get on a phone with somebody because that is that sounds like the type of thing where that's going to be the only the only solution which is really unfortunate but uh you know yeah and I I would say to that because that actually remembered one thing so with name like mine which has an allot in it uh app store connect doesn't like those uh certain letters in all of the fields there and they don't give you error messages on those fields. So, if you're for example stuck that you're you can't submit your app or something and it's complaining about something but it's not telling you what check the spelling check if there's spaces. Uh that's a it's it's a dumb thing. Uh and especially when you're stressed, you just don't like notice those things. But from experience, I can say that that's one point that they don't, for example, like the the the omlot in my name uh in certain fields at all. Uh so here's a really good one. Uh, I would like to have my app ready in a week. I join Shipon a bit late in the game. Which is faster, Samsung, Apple or Play Store? Uh, I have a guess, but I know Peru, you probably have the most experience and then and then T minus folks. I'm curious your take on this too. Uh, I'd say that fastest is Google Play with a business account. So if you need to register a personal account, that will be the slowest option because it requires the 14 days of testing to be completed. But with a business account, you can just jump over that and as soon as you have registered the account and created it, you can submit your app for for production review. Uh that of course requires you to have a business that you can connect to that. It requires requires a business ID. If it's a new business, uh that might cause some problems because it has to be an existing business and this is also required by Apple. But both of those and I think also uh Samsung as well, they require these thing called DUNS number, Dun number uh to register your organization uh with the account. So you need to have that. If your organization or if your business is very new, you usually don't have that uh which might set you back a little bit. So if you're an existing business, Google Play is the fastest. Then I think it might be Samsung after that. Uh their process seems to be quite so quick to do uh with the organization. Too long. Yeah. As long as your address is not too long. And then it's Apple at this point. And for Apple, it doesn't really matter if it's a uh like a business account or a personal account. the the time it takes for them to uh review apps is the same. It's the only places where it matters is Google as they have for personal accounts this 14 day testing rule. Cool. Or someone says that Dun's number takes one month. So that that might be it for for me it was like I my business been around for for a year and it just existed already without my input at all. Yeah, I think whenever I did that it took quite a while too. Um, so yeah, if you're doing a business or if you're doing a personal one, maybe Samsung or or Apple first. Yeah. Uh, and I I'll throw it over to the T-minus folks, too. Uh, I know you see a lot more traffic going through the Apple side, but do you have a a feel for which one is generally faster? Um, yeah, Charlie, to your point, like T-minus only handles iOS app submission, but uh kind of the reason why we focused on iOS app submission when we created T-minus is because it's it is the hardest of uh of the three, right? So, if you're just optimizing for speed, I think I'll just echo what Fertu said. It's it's Play Store and Samsung for sure. Um, Apple is is it's got its caveats, right? So, um, yeah, just going to echo what what was already said. Uh, and then there's a question on here. This is specifically about Shipdon, but does our app need to be fully approved and open live by the end of September, or if it's still waiting for review and tests, is that okay? No, it needs to be fully published. That is uh kind of the the, you know, the main central pillar of the Shipaton is that it's shipped uh to the public during the window. So by the end of September uh needs to be out there which you know uh it can be frustrating uh right at that right at that deadline whenever it's something that's kind of out of your control but that is uh that is how the competition works which is why we hammer home like get that early version MVP out as soon as you possibly can um and then you're eligible and then you can keep making improvements. Yeah, exactly. I want to call out one question. There was a uh someone else came about using their girlfriend's company uh to register. So technically you can release your app with using someone else's uh app store connect account or Google Play account. We actually don't like restrict on that. As long as you have made some kind of a contract with that person that you can use their developer account for releasing the app, that is completely fine. So we don't actually follow uh like we're not strict on that. The only thing where this comes into play is if you're a uh minor competing for the hackathon. Uh in that case, we require a separate form for you. Uh but that does not have anything to do with whose developer account you're using. So we just when you're doing the final submission, you just need to let us know that you're a minor in order to pay the price money, for example. But we don't have restrictions on whose developer account you're using to release the app as long as they are fine with it. uh and you can come into some kind of a agreement in case you win or your app becomes like a massive success because they will also probably get your money uh pay to their uh business account for example. So not not the prize money but if your app starts to make a lot of money that's their account is the one where Apple and Google will be paying those uh proceeds. Uh I'll ask one more and then we'll move on and we we will get to more questions at the end here. Uh but this one was you said removing the payw wall can increase review speed. Can it be feature gated or need full approval? So I think the point about the removing the payw wall isn't really so much about removing the payw wall as it is about removing the inapp purchase uh because that is an actual entity inside of you know Google Play or or uh App Store Connect that needs to be reviewed in its own right. So, if you submit that inapp purchase with your version of your app, then they're going to review the inapp purchase. And in fact, if you hid your payw wall, um, but you included the inapp purchase in the submission, they're going to reject it because they're going to be like, I see there's purchases, but I can't find a payw wall anywhere. And they're going to think you're trying to trick them by like hiding the payw wall and then turning it on remotely afterwards or something. So, if you're going to if you're going to do that, make sure you don't include the inapp purchase uh in the submission at all and then get that through and then you'll have another, you know, you'll do an update that will include that. Um, I will say that second update that includes the inapp purchase, those often will take quite a bit longer the first time you add a an inapp purchase. So, I don't know. like it can be helpful to get you through that first version uh into the app store. Um but you also do need to have an inapp purchase uh well I guess you don't have to if you're using Revikat ads but if you're going to have an inapp purchase as part of your your submission for RevCat and that's how you're using the RevCat SDK uh then you're going to need to get that through. So it still might be worth just including that in the MVP still especially if you already have it built. Yeah. All right. Uh there's more questions and we will I will keep my eyes on these and I'll interrupt you if it's like really relevant to what you're saying right now, but otherwise I'll let you keep going. Sound good? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Move to the next slide. So in case you're in this first category, here's what you should do. So their goal is to get your app into review today. So strip out everything that is not that is something else than the core feature of your app. Uh, so any unfinished feature that would also get you rejected. So if you mention stuff like coming soon on beta, those are things and words that Google and Apple and Samsung don't like to see in in app store descriptions or in the app itself. So take all of those out to the core feature, the core thing. Uh, fix only the bugs if you have those and and take out the monetization uh if if necessary. And I would be even like if you have not yet added revenue cap for example don't necessarily add that you can add that after your app goes into review. Uh because the thing is like I think Apple for example might do a scan of the the binary of the app and notice that you're using storegit APIs for example. So even if you haven't attached inner purchases uh in your submission, they might still see that you've tried to add in a purchase but they are there's a draft version of them and they that might take them a little bit longer time to review that they check that okay does it actually have those inapp purchase or did they just forget to attach the inapp products into it. So be very careful with that. Uh focus on getting the core fe core features out. And I think there was a question someone saying like uh what's the fastest type of app like Pomodoro alarm app to get through the review to get in that line. Um like a simple app yeah is more than likely to go through but there's uh this can come bite you because Apple for example is very uh careful that you're not releasing apps that uh have been done hundreds of times before. So, if you're doing a uh like a to-do app or a Pomodoro app, you have to have something that sets it apart from all the other apps that already do that. Uh and you might get rejected just because your app is already like there's too many of those. Uh doesn't even have to be that simple. I think like different types of like AI uh apps that do do something uh get also rejected quite easily because there's a like I think at some point there was at least like a overflow of like AI boyfriend AI girlfriend apps and [laughter] now they're pretty much rejected as soon as you submit them. Yeah. And and also like for those types of apps too, it can sometimes be there's more automated processes around that. Um and so you might get caught up in some of those too. Like I know somebody who made a uh captions app, you know, for adding subtitles to videos. And it was like pretty much handbuilt uh you know UI kit. It wasn't like uh it didn't have a lot of the trappings of these kind of, you know, very quickly vibecoded and not really thought through apps that just look exactly like everybody else. Um and it still just got flagged and he ended up having to go through multiple rounds of being like this is what's unique. Here's the different approach I took and then they they did let it through eventually. But you can sometimes get tripped up by that if it's a category that probably behind the scenes they will sometimes get these massive influxes of some type of app that you don't even know is happening and you might get caught up in them trying to tamp that down um and have to sort of justify yourself. I I will also jump in if that's all right. And I've collected some stats just from our tool about different app categories. And a few that we've noticed that have the highest rejection rate by category are um any game any type of game generally come under more scrutiny in terms of completeness and also that duplication concept or any similarities to existing games and anything related to a business. So like building an app for your business, there's generally a lot more legal stuff that has to be done in the background like we discussed earlier. Um social networking as well comes under a lot more scrutiny if you're looking to build any social features into your app and there's a lot more nuances surrounding that. And finally, anything related to medical advice. Again, there's a lot more background process and supporting paperwork you have to provide if you're going to be issuing medical advice. Yeah. Yeah. And with a lot of those, there's there's a lot more like forms to fill out in the App Store Connect and Google Play Store uh uh submission process, right? Like your age verification and all that stuff gets way more complicated if you have social features or or health features. Yeah. We've seen some people even requiring or Apple requiring some developers to provide um actual like documents and legitimate research papers from Oh, wow. doctors themselves to support like the suggestions they're giving those stuck up. Yeah, I've gone through with one health app that that that Apple wanted proof uh of the general well-being guidance that the app had. Like it wasn't even health advice or anything. It was just general well-being guidance that sleep eight hours a night and they were like, "Yeah, where is your scientific proof for this?" Yeah. [laughter] So, also um this is a good time. I see the question came up uh and I'm curious uh what your all's take is on this, but what's the deal with the encryption in France? Uh so for those that don't know, there's like a question that gets asked which is are you using any of these encryption algorithms? Um and if you are, you're supposed to register in France that you're using those. Are you asking from me uh or Yeah, you or or the team I spoke. I don't know if that's a thing that you all you know talk about as well in your in your process. Yeah. Uh so I've only sub registered for once and that was for a app that did like a streaming and there was an actual proprietary algorithm for certain type of encryption but other than that in other cases you usually don't have to do because like for example if your app is just calling your own API and what those are not considered to be proprietary algorithms that do encryption on your app based on our understanding this is not legal based on our understanding. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But if if you're if you know for a fact that like there's some custom algorithms encryption stuff, uh then you probably do have to do that. I don't know, right? The No, you just have to do a declaration of it. Yeah, you just have to do a declaration of it. There's everything before like there's forms and whatnot that you have to fill, but it didn't take us that long and it took us way longer to ever hear anything back from them and our app had already been available in in France during that time because Apple had approved it during that time. And uh little pro tip also so this this question comes up and you have to answer it literally every time you want to submit like a test flight build. But there is a build configuration flag you can set. Can't remember the name of it off the top of my head, but you can Google it easily. And if you set that and say this does not use any of those uh protected encryption algorithms, it'll never ask you again and you don't have to sit there and answer that question every single time, which is pretty handy. So I would recommend doing that. Uh again assuming you don't actually use any uh uh protected encryption or I forgot what the phrase is but yeah encryption algorithms that need to be declared to the state of France. They call them like non-exempt encryption or something. Non-exempt encryptions. Yeah, that's what it is. Yeah. Cool. All right. Uh I see more questions, but uh do you want do you want to go ahead and move on? Peru. Yeah, let's let's take the next one because there's some stuff about Google Play. Uh and we can talk about all the Google Play stuff like that. So, in case you're submitting for Google Play and if you have a personal account as we've mentioned, in that case you need to do a close test. Uh and what this close test entails is that you must have 12 testers who remain optin in your testing period. So, they don't leave the testing crew for example for 14 continuous days. uh Google doesn't uh if I remember correctly they don't follow like how actively those people use that app but you need to have users using the app during that time uh and that you can already do now app Google will not review the app themselves during that point so you should just do it instantly even if your app still has some bugs or whatnot at this point because there's a chance that if you do it now it gets through that testing period in time and you can submit it for production review uh after that. So, it's like this is the thing that last year tripped a lot of people up. So, they they woke up too late that you need to have this. It is only with the new account. So, if you've had a personal Google Play account for I think it's more than five years, then you don't have that this requirement anymore or you you never got this requirement. But any account recently registered or in the last three or five years will have this requirement for personal accounts. And the only way to avoid this is if you have a business account then you don't have to do this step at all. What else quickly related to that the France conversation somebody said is it okay then if I remove France from supported countries? Absolutely. the the only required region is is the US, although I'd encourage you to be available everywhere. Uh just because you might as well be anywhere that you're compliant with the laws, but uh yeah, that's totally fine if you just want to remove France from your uh from your supported regions. Yeah. Um there were some questions about Google Play. the people who asked those if you could p post those again in case I I so there was one there was one that came up with discord uh that I wanted to bring in it's it's not necessarily app review specific but it was interesting which is uh they're building their app with KMP and CMP fully integrates with revenue but there's due to Google play bill verification delays in India which I'm actually not really entirely sure what that's about uh international payments are on hold which means Android purchases uh will only process for Indian users at launch. However, the iOS app store purchases work perfectly fine worldwide and the app will be live on both stores. Will this regional Android payment limitation negatively impact or judging your eligibility? Peru, you're the better answer for this than me, but I think that should be fine. Well, for sure it's fine for every most of the categories for the KMP specific category. I mean, you're still using KMP for both versions of the app and then one of them, well, both of them will have revenue integrated. It's just that one of them, the purchases will only work in in India. I think that's completely fine. Yes. And one thing we haven't called out here, so we've been talking about inapp purchases, but your app is also eligible if you use Revycat ads. So, if you add app mob and integrate Revity, you don't have to have inapp purchases in in that case. uh but you need to have the ads and that of course comes with its own uh requirements and limitations in some cases. But if you're if it seems to you that that you're not going to be be able to make it through the review because of some complications related to the inner purchases, it's worth looking at the ads version. But also be cautious with that because ads come with their own privacy tracking uh declarations and stuff that you also need to do. So it's not it's not necessarily easier but it is another option in case for some reason in a purchase for your for your case would be blocked for some reason. Uh I have a question on here about Google Play. So this is uh as a Google Play business account. Do you suggest skipping the test period starting yesterday and just submitting for live open review immediately? Uh I guess in open review you mean like a production release or not? That would be my guess and yeah I think yes the answer is definitely yes at this stage for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Because it can take some time. Your app will most likely get rejected on the first time. That that is very common. That happens very often and because you don't have to do the testing period. I would not spend too much time on it. Uh and then I also saw uh and I appreciate uh Devon and Robert are also in the chat answering a lot of questions uh there which is great. But I'll call one of these out which is somebody was asking about um like pulling out more of their thirdparty libraries including Superbase for one of their games in order to try and get through app review faster. Uh and Robert you pointed out like you probably shouldn't if that's important to your game because as you stated earlier, one of the common reasons for rejection is app completeness. And so if you're ripping out portions of the game that make it actually function, then like it's going to get rejected. And so there's no point in wasting time doing that. Yeah, there's a chance he could be using ondevice storage for state management if it's just like a single player game, but that's can't advise that uh as an app functionality for a scalable app. Yeah, that makes sense. Um did you get through this whole slide or do you were you still walking through this one? Sorry, P two. I got uh I went through it and I would actually answer one. There was like I'm anxious about using bait tester companies as I don't want to get risk getting my account banned or malicious bot activity. What's your take on this? Uh for that we have a solution. So go to Revenue Cats Discord or Shipathon Discord and we have channels for getting people to test your app. So use that instead. Uh you'll probably get multiple people have jumped in and said that that's how they've gotten their testers. So they're real people, fellowship participants. So it's a good way to get Yeah. more people who also, you know, know and understand app development. So you probably will get some actual good feedback as well. Exactly. That's that's part of the shipon spirit that you go around testing other people's apps and giving them ratings and reviews because then they know what to improve. Uh but yeah, I think that pretty much covers the Google Play constraint here. So we can jump into the next slide. And this is the one like what's like the fundamental stuff that reviewers need to go through your app. So in most cases these are like you need a privacy policy and terms of use. So you need to host this somewhere. They have to be publicly available as a website. They just can't be a private Google Docs. Uh so host them on a website somewhere. There's bunch of privacy policy in terms of user terms of use generators that you can use or you can ask your uh JBT to generate these. In most cases, if your app doesn't have very complicated uh account creation or analytics or stuff like that, you can get uh pretty far with a very simple one. Then you should have all the store metadata and screenshots uh in place. Sorry to cut you off, but uh I'll just throw out there too for the privacy policy uh well and the terms of use. Uh I've used and I know lots of people who've just used like public notion pages. Yeah, this does not need to be super complicated. It just needs to be something that's hosted somewhere and it's I believe it has to be linked in your app. Uh you will commonly see rejections that make it sound like it needs to be in your payw wall directly. My understanding is that is not necessarily true, but most people do just include it in their payw wall because a lot of app reviewers will reject you because they don't really understand their own rules. Uh or or I'm misunderstanding it. I don't want to throw stones, but I tend to just always put it Yeah, it's happened to you. Yeah, exactly. Um, and I I'll point out too for the terms of use in particular, uh, there's a really bizarre rule where you have to have that one included in your in your app store description. Uh, even though that is not a clickable link, uh, it is just showing a URL in the app store. If you go look at big apps, you'll see that they'll have terms of use in there. It's very odd and I don't really understand why, but I would yeah, just throw that look at how other apps do it and just throw it in at the end of your app store description as well. I don't know if you have uh more to say on that. Uh Robert, that that's entirely correct. I will say someone just mentioned GitHub like GitHub pages as well is another simple free way that you can set up a quick website. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Exactly. Uh so get those in order. Then next up is having like the store metadata and this means like your app description, your app title, uh what's new in this release, those kinds of things up to date, not talking about any type of like upcoming features or beta features or uh anything that could make the app feel like it's not complete because that will usually get automatically rejected. Also, you should not talk about features your app doesn't have because Apple and Google will re read those through and compare it against the app. Automatic rejection if there's a mismatch between those. Same goes for the screenshots. Uh my experience with this one is actually that uh Google is way more stricter with the screenshot content not matching the app content. And I have for example once gotten rejected because the screenshot content had a different spelling on a button than ended up being on the UI even though it m did the same thing. It it talk it was worded differently and they said that screenshot doesn't match the UI and it got automatically oh or it got rejected. Uh so be careful that the screenshots for example match the UI perfectly in or as close you can as close as you can. Of course, sometimes those things change, but first submission, uh, they should definitely match and there should not be any extra stuff, extra features, for example, that the app doesn't include included in those screenshots. Uh, yeah, don't mention cool in Apple screenshot. That's a that's a that's a good thing. And also the other way around. Uh Google I know that if you use device screenshots from an Apple phone uh iPhone for example that is allowed. Uh but the other way around definitely not. So don't also use devices that Apple for example doesn't support. So if you have a Samsung screenshot or Samsung device on showing up on this uh screenshots uh that will get also automatically rejected. Uh but yeah, you you want Charlie, you look like you you have a uh like a something to say here. So, no, I was just laughing. It's [laughter] it's just one of those funny quirks about uh these companies. Yeah. Yeah. Uh next up is the test credentials. So if your app has authentication in any way, you need to provide Apple with and Google and all the stores with test credentials that they can log into the app and use the app and all of its features with those uh credentials. They should not have it so that if like if there is a two-factor authentication, turn that off because for example those reviews can sometimes happen during the night and if they have to wait for the code they will just automatically reject it in that case because they will not come to you asking for the code. So create an account for example that doesn't have two factor authentication on so that you don't get tripped by this. uh share the password and the ID and definitely don't ask uh any of the stores reviewers to create the account. They won't do that. They always want an existing account that they can use. Uh and when I say that it has to have access to every important feature, uh there's a bit of a thing you should keep in mind. So because they will be testing your payw wall as well and your payw wall will probably unlock some features. Uh but your payw wall probably won't get presented if the account already has that uh entitlement. So you should make it so that they have a test account that they can use but which hasn't done the purchase yet. So that for example when they purchase those things the payw wall or or actually the payw wall shows up for the uh test account they can purchase those things and actually then get access to those features. So that's something that usually gets rejected also very easily. If you have made an account that is already has the entitlement and the reviewer locks in, they never see the payw wall. They will fl it to you that the payw wall is mentioned and the inner processes are mentioned but you can't find them in the app and that's because your account already had those entitlements granted. Uh and then of course like clear review notes. So you can write some notes for the reviewer like hey this is how it's supposed to work make use of those. So for example uh explain how account creation works where you can for example delete your account if that is uh or if if you have account creation you also need to have account deletion where you can find that if you're using third party authentication uh let's in a way that doesn't allow for you to have for example to add sign in with Apple. Uh, one thing that I've noticed in my apps is cuz I have one app that like works with all the authentication frameworks, but you can't actually create accounts because I don't control that is that I've explained that you account creation is not possible and you can only log in with a third party client. Uh, writing that out in the review notes has saved me a lot of headache of my getting my ad rejected and then me having to answer the reviewers like, "Hey, actually, you can't create the account at all because this is a third party client for this existing service." And this is something that has been showing up. Uh, I've noticed people mentioning that Apple has been asking them to show a video of them purchasing an inner purchase or creating an account or logging in. You can already make that before. So in your submission, you can actually attach a video. Uh so record a short video where you show all the main features. It doesn't have to be a fancy video. Attach it to your submission in App Store Connect and it will probably help the reviewer to go through your app and there's less chance that they'll reject your app for not understanding how it works. for example. It's especially true if uh if your app does something kind of unusual or requires like interaction with a third party or multiple devices or something like that. Um I'm I'm curious on on that point and generally with review notes too. These are these are both areas that you know me and Peru have lived in uh indie app developer land for a very long time and we've all had our interactions with app store review and everybody else. But like it kind of feels like a little bit of dark magic. Like I put these notes in and then I've gotten less rejections. I think that helped me. I don't think it helped me. I'm curious for both of you at Tminus uh having seen and like explicitly watched a lot more apps go through this. What is your general advice when it comes to reviews and videos? It is it giving app review more things to catch and potentially reject you for or is it generally helpful and you should stuff a lot of stuff in there? And this is kind of for both of you. I don't know. I don't know if you have thoughts. I think it's generally in good spirit. I think Apple's kind of realized now that with the higher quantity of apps that are coming through that they're having trouble keeping up with it, which we've seen reflected in much longer, with the exception of the last little bit of time, much longer review times. So, uh, personally, I think it's just in good spirit that it's in your best interest to include what you can in the videos have the best chance of coming through because it was previously not a requirement in the past. Right. Right. Exactly. Okay. And I and I knew people that did it. I I always wondered if it was something where if you give them more stuff uh to to read and look at, you're giving them more vectors to potentially find a like, oh, this is an obvious rejection, and then they move on. Um, and so I was always leerary of adding one unless it was like solving a problem in my app. But it seems like more and more and maybe it's because you're trying to differentiate from the amount of just AI generated kind of slop getting shoved into the machine. Uh is having a video is just a good way to like be like I'm real I'm a real person. Like that alone maybe is useful. Yeah, I agree with that stance. Okay, good to know. Good to know. Uh do you want me to go ahead and move on? Oh, we have had a lot of questions so I could I could take a break. I was thinking of like let's although we're like we're basically at time so actually what other slides do you have and then we can I only have one so it's the the timeline let's just look at this last one then okay so today if you haven't submitted your app like freeze the scope uh and start the required testing for Google for example and also Apple uh submit already one first version then like in the next few days uh test all the stuff that your app has everything works correctly. Even if you've submitted your app, it's worth to go through these because then you might get bugs that you will get will get rejected. Don't step out of the review queue. So don't pull your app out of the review queue if you notice something that is gonna break the app like Apple uh Google will probably flag your app but then you can just submit a new version and say that hey it's fixed and like within this week this doesn't apply to the Google Play but like submit the smallest complete release during this week then you might still make it. It is a very it's going to get cut very tight especially with Apple but with Google you might make and then like after approval add those features that you wanted to add uh in focused updates. So make smaller updates those are usually easier for the reviewers to go through and then before shipon deadline confirm that the app is publicly downloadable in required store well in the US in this case is the only requirement. So, so that's the follow this timeline. I and you should be I wouldn't say that like it's not risky. It's very risky at this point, but it's probably your only option to go follow this timeline. I don't I don't I I don't think it's necessarily too risky. I think the biggest risk is if you have a personal Google Play accounting into Android, that is going to be extreme like high high risk. I think uh I think it's entirely reasonable if you submit right now that you have a decent likelihood of being able to get in, you know, sometime next week. Um especially if you're taking you you're being intentional, you're filling everything out. You're making sure that you have, you know, your eyes crossed and your your tees dotted. Uh but like we've said lots of times, and I think I think it was Devon that said in the comments somewhere, uh a rejection is the expectation. it's not the exception. And so ex, you know, you're going to get a rejection. Don't get rejected or dejected. Um, and don't get angry at app review. Uh, because that also can be be a thing that, you know, a lot of first-time developers will do. Um, remember that they just have a job and like try and feed them a solution as fast as you possibly can uh through that app review process and you're probably going to you're probably going to be okay, especially if you're doing it right now. Yeah. And like Apple and Google, they want your apps in the store. It not might not feel like that, but they do do want your apps. They just have very strict requirements often like what that like what you need to follow in order to get that that stage. And there's a there's a question like, "Hi, I submitted my app 10 days ago and it still didn't get reviewed for the app store. Is this normal?" Uh, from what I followed, this is very normal with app store at the moment. Uh so Apple themselves has been saying that they usually review every app in few days. Uh this doesn't apply to new apps that have been submitted. Uh I think the longest I at some point did a quick poll on Twitter and I think the longest someone said was that they waited for the first review for almost 14 days. That was in August. Hopefully they've gotten shorter from that. But it's very normal and I wouldn't submit a new version. Uh that will definitely set you back in the queue. Yeah. So you might just restart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That advice again. I'm curious what the T minus uh folks say, but the I have had and I'm fairly certain it's true. I've had app updates that got stuck in a queue. They were assigned to somebody who took time off or I don't know what happened. Uh, and they've just sat there while everybody I know was their updates were going through in hours. Uh, and then when I finally gave up and I resubmitted, it made it through in, you know, six hours or something after that. Uh, this is years ago. This is not in the current VI code era, but I've had that happen with updates before, but I've never heard of that happening with with new apps. New apps have a different process, I think, and it's so likely that it's going to take a long time that you're more likely to just hurt yourself by canceling and resubmitting. But I I'm curious what what your take is, Robert or Devon. Yeah, I can't say we have found any secret sauce around speeding up the rejection once you've or speeding up the submission process once you've already gone in for the first time. I from what we've seen, that's just the way it is unfortunately for first apps. And then here's a question. This is the next thing I was going to bring up actually. What [laughter] about the expedite option? Would you recommend me sending a message? Uh again, I'm going to ask what your recommendation is for new apps. So certainly for updates, I always say if you have a and I've heard this from people at Apple, if you have some sort of marketing reason, which I think I'm submitting for a major hackathon and want to uh and want to have it included for potential to get on the billboard in Time Square or whatever, that's plenty good enough marketing reason. Most of them will say yes, like that's what expedite expedited reviews are specifically for. Um, most people will just never use them and realize that it's not like you're saving them up. You just never use them. So, generally the recommendation I've gotten is yes, do use it. Just don't use it every time you submit an update, but if you have some big event, yes, go ahead. I don't know if that's true for new apps or not, but my suspicion is I I don't see what the harm is in in checking it unless you [clears throat] think you're going to need one soon, you know, again in the future. Um otherwise I don't see a reason why not to go ahead and try expediting it. Yeah. Yeah. Apple themselves say specifically that use expedited review for uh circumstances where you have a critical bug for example or an event like marketing event that you can't control and you have to make it for that time. It is kind of a like a blurry line in my opinion. So we talked about with Charlie about this before this live stream that and and my take is definitely more conservative. So I would say that like think carefully about using it. Uh but then at the same time think about the fact that like technically having your app on time square is a very uh set marketing uh event. though you should like could be eligible but but at least don't say that revenue can't ad set us to use expedited review for ship that is not I think yeah conservative approach from pu here is we're a little bit afraid of if everybody writes down I'm trying to do this for revenue cat competition [laughter] that then it flags if you use the word revenue cat competition then it makes everybody else's hurt. Yeah, that's the only possible, but still feels not likely negative I can think about for you doing it. Um, but yeah, I wouldn't recommend saying I'm doing this for the Revenue Cat competition or I would say like I'm doing this for a marketing event where my app could be featured on Times Square. Like that that is probably the best way to um to be, you know, the best way to to form that. Um, again, I'm going to throw it over to T-minus folks and then I promise I know we're over your time, but uh I'll I'll let you go. But, uh, do you do you have opinions on expedited review generally and also in this specific context? Yeah, just don't abuse it, right? I I think to your point um for something like trying to get your app onto time the a Times Square uh screen like that is a valid reason. Uh critical update that needs to get pushed valid reason. Um I think if you become known as the developer that uses the expedited review every single time they push a a new update or a new app, uh that might get you put on some sort of like list. I don't want to say blacklist, but like, you know, you you might build you might have like an internal reputation at Apple, so just don't abuse it, right? Like uh their time is is just as valuable. Uh but now seems like one of those times where it makes total sense to um to be using the expedited feature for sure. And I see somebody said they were going to just write that it's pu uh pair two told them to do it. I want to fully endorse that. Uh I think that is the exact thing you should do. Don't use the word Charlie. Don't use the word revenue or shiveton. And uh just say Peru made me do this. And I think that's probably that's probably good. Uh yeah, this one. Well, [laughter] yeah, this is a success. Uh all right, so yeah, so we are over time. Uh I really appreciate both of you uh joining, Robert and Devin. Uh definitely appreciate your insight there. Um for uh those of you on the stream, thank you for joining. Thank you for so many questions. uh please feel free to throw those in uh in Discord as well if you didn't get them answered here and we'll try and go through and like answer those in text. Uh also lots and lots of good questions uh today so I appreciate that. Um on uh Friday is our next one and this is going to be about how to understand your data and run experiments. Um, Peru, I believe you have Dan, one of our uh product leaders over uh payw walls and experiments and a lot of the expert at RevenueCat on all this stuff is is joining you. So, this one will be really good especially like postrelease uh how to like analyze all this new data that's coming in and find ways to to improve your business. So, definitely recommend uh coming to that one. And that is it. Thank you everybody. uh appreciate you being here and good luck here in the the kind of final stretch. Um I'm excited uh to see all your apps coming out. Bye. Let's