We are live, I believe. Uh, look at that. Ree is already in the in the chat. Uh, so we at least are showing up somewhere. So, usually I give a minute or two for uh people to shuffle in as well as all the different platforms that we're on to sort of come online. So, uh, while we're waiting, I want to ask the the most interesting conversation starter that exists in the world, which is what's the weather like uh where you're at, Bria? Um, I'm in Southern California, but I'm like a little bit more inland. >> Just really bad weather. >> Yeah. Just so bad. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I think like uh 85 um Fahrenheit, 28 Celsius um around like is is what it's what it's like where I'm at right now. >> No, I wish it was always. know soon if um like the the the goal is to move to San Diego and that's >> that's perfect weather all year round. Yeah. Yeah. That's if you really want perfect weather all year round, that's uh uh that's where you go for that. [laughter] >> Perfect. >> Yeah, it was uh it was like that weather where you walk outside and your glasses fog up and your clothes just start melting to your body uh for a good week or so here in in the Midwest in the US. Uh, but it just turned yesterday, so now it's, >> you know, it's a little hot, but it's like >> significantly more comfortable. Uh, my air is not just rattling in the background. So, we're actually in a good spot here. >> See, we have some people from the UK, uh, joining. >> They had a super big heat wave, uh, but they don't have air conditioning, so it sounded like it was pretty miserable over there for a little while. If that's, uh, if that's resolved yet. >> Um, >> I couldn't live without AC, honestly. No. What's that? >> Could not live without AC. >> No. Yeah, I'm Yeah, I'm way too American. Uh, [laughter] it is uh it is a necessity for survival at this point. >> Um >> uh I see uh WM asked, "Will this be accessible for re-watching later?" Yes. So, all of our live streams are on um the YouTube channel and you can also go to shipaton.comlive and you can see all of our upcoming streams as well as links to all the recordings both for this year and for last year's. So, um yes, those will be these will be accessible for sure. All right, I am go ahead going to go ahead and get us started here. So, let's share our slides. So, we are going to talk about building apps for influencer audiences. Uh, this is a new set of categories that we have this year. We'll get into that here in a little bit. Um, and I could not think of anybody better to have on to talk about this than Bria. Uh, Bria has been on I have a podcast called Launched and we talked about uh the app that you've built and a lot of conversation about working with influencers both during the recording and uh I think we just hung out for a while afterwards and just talk shop for a while. So, I figured this was the perfect uh perfect setup for us to just talk about it. And I'm going to do a whole intro and we'll get into us. But, uh, the point of these live streams is that it's not a podcast. This is not a pre-recorded thing. I'm going to be, uh, looking at the chat on YouTube, looking at Discord, and please ask questions. The whole point of this is that it's interactive. You guys can ask what you want. We can, you can interrupt me. This is not a like I'm standing on stage presentation kind of thing. So, please ask questions. You can throw them in there now as well and I'll I'll get to them. But obviously once we get into the the conversation here, uh just ask questions as you see them and we'll get into that. So, uh really quick, who are we? So, I'm Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revonycat and the self-proclaimed captain of the shipon. Although increasingly that's meaning uh I sit at the top of a bunch of people who actually know what they're doing and I don't even know what's going on anymore. So that's been an interesting thing as uh as this event has gotten bigger and bigger every year. And then Bria Sullivan is our special guest here. Uh she's the developer behind Focus Friend uh an app that went crazy viral uh last year I believe. And I haven't even let you talk basically at all yet. But you said it was your oneyear anniversary today. Is that right? Yeah, yesterday was the hard launch anniversary and tomorrow is our number one on the app store anniversary. So, yeah, >> crazy. >> It feels like that was forever ago and also yesterday. Uh, and we'll get into what we're talking about there >> here in a second. Um, and as I said, uh, we're on Discord. You can also ask questions in uh, in YouTube natively and those will all show up. But the Discord is a fantastic place, not just during the live streams, but just during the shipon generally. There's a bunch of channels where you can ask questions, encourage each other, post what you're working on, give feedback. Um, it is very, very lively uh this time of the year. So, recommend jumping in there. Uh, and then I want to do some community uh highlights here. So, we'll start with our build in public uh highlights. So, people all over the internet are posting their progress as they build things. Uh it's been extra crazy this year. I feel like I'm assuming with the help of AI. Uh people are building significantly more mature uh products than I feel like I've ever seen. Uh I think people can focus on a lot more little details when the minutiae details of just building the kind of structure of an app is a lot easier. Um and so there's been some really cool stuff. So uh Stitchen, I'm pronouncing that wrong, I'm sure. Uh they have an app that uh helps you uh with your grocery list. It's kind of an interesting uh swipe left and right style uh process there, which I think is really interesting. Um SA I always forget how to pronounce this because I always read it, but SAKI. Uh if you don't know who that person is, they are I bet I I think the best way to describe them is a wizard with uh Jetack Compose. They make the most incredible UI. They have a really good blog. Um, but they're are building an app for Shipon and posting some really cool um different UI elements that they're that they're doing there. Um, and then if we haven't already called them out, if we've already called them out, uh, I apologize, but I didn't see in any of the other live streams that we have, but I have to call out Adrian. Adrien is building a uh alarm clock app that is it's called Clucky I think Clucky Alarm. And it is uh the most delightful uh app I've ever seen. Like the UI is really crazy. And there's this very cute like chicken character that's integrated throughout. And they've been going crazy with Sea Dance. Uh not just generating videos, but generating like high quality videos. And then you can see this is their progress of like customizing the animations here uh to make it work. And it is just absolutely been super fun to watch. Highly recommend uh checking them out on on Twitter. Uh and then uh also on Instagram uh Lucia is building a uh travel platform um that looks really really interesting as well. And of course there's a ton on there. recommend going to the shipon hashtag on basically all of the social media channels and uh and you'll find some really cool stuff people are building. Uh and then the other community highlight is Shipaton IRL. So we have events all over the world. Uh people have been sending me pictures of their events and I want to always throw those here as I can. So there was an event in San Francisco we did with Expo um in Taipei at Coco Heads. Uh there was an event uh Budapest had one uh Nagpur um had one and there's just a ton more and there's a ton more coming. So here you can see a giant list. We have one coming up in Istanbul, Seattle, uh Salt Lake City, Victoria, uh Argentina, uh Hyurabad, Bgrade, um and uh Insanas. Uh you're talking about you know down in San Diego. Um, that is where our CTO Miguel lives and uh, he's been doing one every Shipon that is uh, it always has custom swag that's only available there and I'm always very jealous uh, not only of the weather and the surfing but of the crazy swag that they have. So, if you're in the San Diego area or you just want to take a beautiful drive from somewhere in the west because everywhere there is beautiful. I would recommend uh, checking that one out. And you can find all of those at uh shipon.com/events. And there is a ton and a ton being added constantly still even now. Uh so definitely check those out. And can't move on without thanking our sponsors. Uh they are who are making all of this possible, especially just the size of the prizes here as well as the size of the uh the ship kit. So all the different perks and everything that people are getting. Um, a lot of those are being provided by our sponsors. And extra special shout out to on the bottom right there, Noise. Um, I actually hosted an IRL event in St. Louis where I live, uh, last week. And that was when I found out that, uh, Noise, who is a company that I've known about for a while, is actually based in St. Louis. So, I met the team, very cool people. Um, and they're actually doing a bunch of like regular um, uh, weekly like giveaways of noise credits. So definitely check them out, but also check out everybody here. Uh big big thanks to our sponsors. All right, so we're going to talk about uh building for an influencer kind of more generally, but can't uh not call out, you know, our influencer categories here. So I'll go through these quickly, but essentially we have a set of categories as part of the shipon that are different than what we've done before. Usually the idea is um we have categories that are kind of generic like the best design or a peace prize or makes more money or that kind of thing. Um but the influencer categories are much more targeted. So if you don't already have an idea for what you want to build, you should check these out because these are different influencers we've worked with to tell us about a problem that they think that their audience has. Um and you can build something targeting their audience specifically. And that uh that phrase right there, I think I actually stole this from you, Bria, from our podcast we did. Um I've been using this for a while, but the idea is the audience is the product brief. So when you watch the videos from these different influencers, uh they describe a problem and they kind of sometimes describe it from their perspective, but the big thing and all of them did a good job of this uh as well as you can find it on our website for each of these categories, but they describe the audience themselves because at the end of the day, that's who you're actually building these apps for. It's not for the influencer. Although in the case of the Shipaton, they are the ultimate judge. So you should keep them in mind. But if your goal with this is to build an app that has an audience and people will download and use and find value in, that's who you should be thinking about is the audience themselves. So, really quickly, I won't go through all these in super detail, but you can watch all their videos on shipdown.com. Uh, but Abby Sharp uh is an app for um helping women with their health goals. Uh the big thing when she describes her audience is that it's not about getting super in the weeds on technical details like macros and charts and all of this stuff, but it's like pull it back and make it more actionable and uh less overwhelming if you're living, you know, a complicated life already and you don't want your entire world consumed by just this problem. Uh and then kind of in the opposite direction is Christopher Li whose audience is very technical focused. It's mostly Apple enthusiasts. they want uh they want all the little details and for him it's a way to store and retrieve like snippets like text snippets and images and stuff like that. Um but when you're thinking about his audience it is an audience that wants to get into the weeds and think about the details and that kind of thing. Um Heather is a leadership coach and uh hers is actually it's really interesting but it's basically for people who are uh newly entering the management sort of phase of their career. Uh which is actually really relevant to me right now. Um but it's people who are you know newly they're like maybe in their 20s or early 30s and they're going from being an individual contributor to working with people and they want to practice difficult conversations basically. And in the age of AI, there's a lot of interesting solutions for that. And her video does a really good job, I think, of like not telling you what the solution is, but describing what the problem is. And that way you all can come up with interesting solutions targeted towards that audience. Um, and then Lewis is a is a gaming content creator. Um, and he wants something to help you with, you know, keeping track of games that are coming up and games that you really want to play and solving that kind of from his specific perspective. Um, and then Simone is a uh Pilates instructor and gives a lot of advice on wellness and wants to build an app that uh kind of similar to the first one with Abby. It's less about getting like super super deep in the weeds on building this giant plan and it's more about solving the problem of like what should I do today? Um, so that is uh the five influencer categories. I went through them very quickly, but um I think I think you should go to the website, watch their videos. That's where you should really get that information. And each of the them on our website, chipton.com, if you click into their categories, uh at the bottom, you'll actually see their demographic data for their audience coming from their Instagram or their YouTube. That's another thing that you should definitely check out and you should feed into kind of the choices that you're making um as you're as you're building this app. Um, and I see here that Austin uh is in the chat who uh as I've become a manager, he is uh one of the people on my team and he's saying Charlie is a great manager. Um Austin, thumbs up. Bonus points. Uh more of that, please. Uh I think I'm being a good manager right here. All right, so let's get to the actual uh topic at hand. So, oh, I see uh Tommy asked, "Heard a lot about this shipon. Do we still have time to compete?" 100%. Uh, Shippeton is a is a different hackathon than normal. It's not about, you know, a weekend rush of building kind of a a hacky project, hence the name. Um, that's why we changed it to Shipaton because it's actually a very long uh event. So, it goes not only all through August, but it doesn't end until the end of September. And the goal is to get something shipped. Uh, so absolutely, especially in the age of AI, you could start today, come up with an MVP, build a working MVP app, and get it shipped into the store by the end of September 30th. 100% you could totally do that. Um, I would say in the current age of the app stores being bombarded with apps, review times have gotten a little longer than normal. So, I would recommend getting to that MVP faster uh rather than uh waiting until the very end. But yes, definitely you do have time. Okay. So, yes. So, the topic here today is uh building an app for an influencer. A lot of this information is going to be very relevant to people competing in those categories I just described. But um the the experience that Bria has and what I really want to talk about is the idea of working with an influencer to build an app for their audience. Um, that's what it's it's one of the ways that we've found that apps in the today's current landscape, it's one of the ways that you can find distribution in a very crowded landscape that isn't just paid advertising or something is there are all these people out there that are creating content and have a active interested audience. Um, and we as developers have a mechanism that they could use to monetize that audience and build something that's useful specifically for that group of people. So, that's kind of what we're going to talk about today. And as I said earlier, the person we have to do this, uh, who I've barely let talk at all, which is criminal, is uh, Bria Sullivan. So, I want to introduce uh, Bria and who you are. So, really quickly, um, what is your like background? How do you describe what your what you do? >> Like my role on the team or just in general? >> Uh, leading up to basically building Focus Friend really, how would you describe what your career was? um software engineer slashproduct manager thing. I was kind of like in between both but like professionally I was employed as a software engineer and then I left um I left my job at Google in um 2020 to um like to go more into like gaming or to make like mobile games. Not because I was a game developer but like I loved mobile but and what what I wanted to build was like um it it just was a game at that time. But I would say like overall mobile developer is like who I am to the core. >> Sweet. And I I only bring that up to to bring up the idea that like you know you're coming at this from the engineering level which I know a lot of people participating here are also coming from um you don't have to be this big you know business person at the very beginning. Uh you can come at it from this angle and have a significant amount of success. and significant amount of success uh you had because uh as we kind of alluded to you built and released an app with an influencer that went very very uh viral and can you explain what that app was and then like how how the actual releasing of it went and I can turn up my volume some people are saying that I'm very quiet so I will do that but [clears throat] tell me in the chat if I'm like spiking or something >> so hopefully hopefully that maybe is a little bit better but go ahead Yeah. Um, so sorry, what was the like I I was also like trying to listen for I was paying attention to your voice um volume more [laughter] than Okay. So, what was the um what was the um uh qu specific question? >> Yeah. So, what is the app that you ultimately built >> uh for for with Hank? >> Yes. Yeah. Sorry. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, because sometimes I'm like, is it the one before this one? Okay. Yeah. So, um uh what is it? So, focus friend is a um gamified focus timer where you get a little character that if you let the character focus um focus and um not use your phone, then you get like currency and if you turn off if you like interrupt the character, then you don't get any currency. And then with the currency, you can buy um you can decorate a room, you can like buy clothing and stuff like that. Or I guess not a room, just a room now. You have the whole house now. And then uh relevance to you know this whole conversation um >> who was it that you worked with and how did you end up kind of connecting with them? >> Um I worked with a um influencer is like a very uh interesting word to choose but um I worked with someone named Hank Green. He is um sometimes known as like the uncle or father of YouTube or something like that. Like uncle of YouTube something stepdad of YouTube. He's been around for quite a while. >> Yeah. Yeah. He's been around since uh the beginning of YouTube and um but then has like obviously gains like huge followings on Tik Tok and things like that. Um, and I uh so my like um like my husband is also a YouTuber in the um in like a developer YouTuber and um had taught machine learning on like one of Hank's um education channels um many years ago and so like they we had a connection there um and we were just like at a dinner together celebrating um Hank's recovery from cancer and then also his uh his um uh standup comedy tour and um he and then like I guess I had said something about like apps for influencers or games for influencers or something like that um at that dinner and he was super interested and then we were like let's like how uh let's see like what what we can do together. >> And then uh the end result of that or not end result I guess but the starting result uh is >> how did the release itself go? We kind of alluded to that at the beginning. >> Yeah. The we had we did like a period of a soft launch where he just kind of told his like super duper core community. Um and that started in like July of last year at the like the end of July last year and then um one year ago today it ended up hitting number one on the app store and um like overall like we were above chat GPT. That was like the coolest thing. >> That's so crazy. Uh, cool. So, if you want more on the like the full background story necessarily here, um, I we did record a podcast together, like I said, uh, if you go to launchfm.com and search for Bria, uh, you see that, I can throw that in in, uh, it'll be in the notes somewhere. Um, but I don't want this to be a rehash of the same podcast episode. So, I do have some specific questions I do want to ask. Um, but like I said, if you have questions you have for Bria about what it's like working with an influencer, recommendations you have for doing this, um, you know, this is kind of one specific experience you have, but from us talking together, you've thought about this a lot. Uh, and so I want you all to take advantage of the fact that we have somebody who you can ask these questions to. So please, uh, throw those in the chat if you can. Um, all right. So we'll start with kind of some of the questions that I had to kind of kick us off here, which is uh the first big one here is like how do you find the idea uh for what you want to actually build? I know you know in this case uh I don't think that you came or Hank came to you with like I want you to build this and even if they did they're not necessarily an expert at >> the app store economy and what would actually work. They're an expert at their audience. So, how did you kind of work through that whole process with Hank and how do you recommend other people do that? >> So, this um so, well, specifically with Hank, I um had pitched it almost as something for one of his education channels and not necessarily him. Um, but my the ideas that I try to come up with cuz he's not the only um like the thing that Shippeton is doing is something that I just do dayto-day with like I see an influencer and I try to come up with an app idea that would probably monetize well with their audience. Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't work. But um it's kind I think in general like uh the way that I like to think about it is like from a business perspective as well like what type of stuff monetizes well because it has to make sense for um for an influencer. So um or a creator or something whatever you want to call them. um it it h they are so distractable so it has to kind of like have that ROI. So that's the first thing is kind of seeing like what's the broad landscape of what is like making a good amount of money for um I like to think of stuff that has like low acquisition cost or or like that could probably monetize well if you had a low acquisition cost basically. So like [snorts] um in the examples that you gave with the other uh the influencers that are in shipon like health and fitness there were two I think like influencers in health and fitness those are like perfect perfect because you can go really broad and those are really low churn um those are low churn like categories basically like if someone is really liking what's working for them. Um, and also if they're not even using the app, psychologically they will not cancel something that they think is supposed to be good for them, >> right? [clears throat] The gym membership. Uh, kind of. >> Yeah. The gym membership. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, that's like one aspect. It's like I I don't I sometimes start with like the app first and then I think about the influencers later. It's like I will look at the the Yeah, sometimes I'll look at um apps on the app store. what's something that within my capabilities of what I can do and also my own interests and um what I have really good ideas and unique ideas for and then I'll kind of like figure out like what influencer will kind of be a good match. >> That's interesting. So, you're thinking of it more like um yeah, that's like the reverse. kind of the reverse of our of our competition in a way where you're you were like what where is there some like you know high opportunity areas of the app store where I could build something with a audience that's probably pretty big >> and then instead of you come up with that idea maybe even prototype something or whatever and then instead of um thinking all right I want to build this and then I need to distribute it through either UGC content on Tik Tok or paid ads or whatever when you might design the app aimed at that way of distribution, you're like, I want to distribute this through an influencer and their channel and I guess where is the point where you reach out to them and start thinking about the app from their perspective or do you literally kind of build the app >> agnostic of the the influencer and the influencer is really just a distribution mechanism? >> I would never build or I guess with AI you can prototype something. I would still kind of let it be pretty nebulous so that it conform to the influencer and their audience and stuff. It's more just like ideas that I have um and even like in my own life like what would be something that I use and um the same way you would if you didn't have an influencer like the way that I like to build stuff is like something that I would use and then like um building something for the uh and I guess like trying to find someone. So, it' probably be probably be after like having somewhat of an idea of like a gap in the app store. It just so happened that like the gaps that I was finding. I mean, there's what a million focus timers, right? And there's like a couple other gamified there's a good amount of gamified focus timers, but like um overall like they do pretty they do pretty okay. like even if you wanted to have like just not have an influencer like I feel like they um they get a good amount of organic downloads. So, oh that's the other thing. It's like um I've learned a lot about what does well organically and how stuff looks. Um >> and what do you mean by organically here? Is that >> Oh yeah, sorry. >> Search on the app stores or is that word of mouth? >> Both. Yeah. So, um, search on the app store and then also like if someone one was to just show it or see it on another person's phone and be like, "Ooh, what is that?" Like, um, but it's like kind of those two things. And that if it does well organically on on search, um, it would probably do well on an algorithm like Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube, what have you. Um, that's one of the benefits of those algorithms is that they just do the work for you. And if if a video does well, like that's where an influencer does kind of come in because they know how to make a video do well. Yeah. >> Um if a video does well, then um do well meaning a lot of views, um a lot of clicks, a a lot of retention on the actual video, then they're pro like that really really directly translates to an app, too. Because if it doesn't do well on a video, it's probably not going to do well in the app store. >> Yeah, that makes sense. And uh WMM asked the question related to what we're talking about which is I think you kind of answered part of this already which is like >> okay >> uh with ideas are you starting with your own ideas or problems to solve and then checking whether they're influencers that need a solution? >> It sounded like at at the very least the second part it's like you are doing the idea first and then influencer second. But sometimes >> kind of going with this question is are they are you thinking about problems that you need solved or are you looking for problems >> that you see in the market that people need solved like separated from you completely? >> I think um it's like a little bit of both. I think like I'm saying that I do that but it's like that but that doesn't always happen. So, um I was just at an event, a conference with a bunch of influencers and I was like maybe I'll pitch like who maybe I'm going to do another app with another one. Who knows? Um, and so like I was looking at them, looking at their audiences, and I saw some broad categories like there was some space creators that I knew of. And so I started looking into like space uh like other like what apps would someone who's a space enthusiast um choose, but also as a space enthusiast myself, what are apps that I have used like night sky or anything like that? like I and so I started looking to into like u it's it into um what apps like I guess monetize well and that also like I have used and that I would use. So it's kind of like it has to kind of tick all those boxes for me to be interested in. I'm not the biggest space enthusiast, but it's like at least I have to have an interest to want to keep working on it. Um, but yeah, I would like but um >> but I would not just start with an influencer and just and like come up with an idea and hope it does well. I would like research to see if there's something similar that we can get some inspiration from. Um I'm the queen of taking inspiration from everyone from other from other things. Like you don't have to reinvent the wheel. So yeah. >> Yeah. you're like a a human uh LLM, you know, gathering, which [laughter] I guess LLMs are like robot humans is the real way of saying it. But yeah, it's all about taking in this mass amount of stuff and then find a unique or different way of putting it together. >> Um, I'm going to I'm going to jump ahead a little bit here because we're getting a lot of questions about >> uh basically how you how do you get paid uh when working with an influencer? uh every time I see it as a more popular growth strategy in app development. I'm curious how much percentage of income do influencers normally receive. So I had a question that was kind of in that vein which is basically yeah how do you think about obviously I'm not asking the specific numbers here but how do you think about that partnership structure and and the people you see doing this how how are people thinking about that uh commonly? So, um, and I'll speak from like my own experience and then also talking to other people who have worked with, um, with influencers. So, sometimes an influencer will pay money upfront the same way they would like a dev studio. So, like they'll pay $200,000 to almost a million dollars for like an agency basically or for a dev to like they would basically fund your salary um, upfront. Um, not a lot of people can afford that. Like the majority of people cannot afford that. There are some. Um, should I name names? I should probably not name names. Probably should probably not. [laughter] Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, we're on our Okay. Yeah. This is not just me and you talking. This is Yeah. [laughter] >> Okay. Um, I'll just say like people who already like are probably like super duper wealthy, like extremely wealthy, those people can probably like throw a lot more money up front. Most influencers, contrary to popular belief, are not as wealthy as you think that they are. Yeah. >> And um and like most of their money goes back into their channels anyway. So you can either take cash upfront and take a smaller percentage at the end or like I personally took no money upfront, but because I had a lot of trust with the person I was working with and he had a lot of trust in me. Um would I do that again? Probably only with him. I don't know. I I I probably would not do that again with some with someone else. Um but because of uh Yeah. So um influencers though do need to have some type of in like vested interest and buy in ahead of time because they are very like um they are not good business people. So they will probably just be like this is a great idea and then they'll forget about you. So, it's some type of vested interest in like the tens of thousands of dollars of investment maybe would or maybe even like up to $10,000 of of initial investment to at least fund some of like contractors and legal and stuff like that um would be good and then um having some split at the end. You have to also decide who owns the intellectual property after it. And that also plays into the percentages like does the influencer own it or do you as the developer own it. Um they probably >> shared like legal entity or something. >> Yeah. Or making a shared like LLC which is very very complicated. Um, so yeah, like that that has happened and I think like a lot of people do that, but um that's >> that's I wouldn't want to do that. Like I guess that works if you want to do like a sale or something like I think that that matters if there's like a huge initial investment from like an investor in the app, then it it it should probably be a separate legal entity then. Um, but I chose to take less cash, less cash upfront so that we could u I had a lot more upside later. >> And the reason you said, you know, you would only do that with somebody that you really trust. Uh, obviously part of it is probably just that you trust will bring in an audience and the end result app will make a lot of money or enough money to offset that or whatever. But I assume but it sounded like also part of that trust is also just like >> you want them to have put something down ahead of time so that they have that um >> uh what is the what is it called where you I don't remember the the phrase but like you've put something into this already so you feel this need to see it through. Um, >> yeah. Yeah. >> Otherwise, it's easy to be like, "Yeah, go for it." And then you start working and then they kind of lose interest and move on and they never invested anything in the first place. So, it's >> easier to hear about it. >> Yeah. So, I think Oh, the other thing we did, we did uh we did an agreement for um at least like for Hank to help with um to invest some money for like art contractors and stuff like that. And um that was paid half up front and then the other half was on launch um or like on the launch of the beta. So that's where I got the the other half. But like I had to like fund it in between and then almost got like paid back by the by the other half. And that worked well that worked well for us. um another app that I know of, I'm not like close to them or anything, but there's a big uh creator who um invested I think a million dollars upfront to like completely uh to to finish their app and then um but that creator owns 100% I think I don't think the dev agency they're essentially working with a contractor kind of at that point an agency. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't think that they owned anything at that point. Um, even if like I even like throughout the process of working with Hank, like I talked to a lot of people are like, "You need to be charging him for this time." And I'm just like, "Look, trust me, I I like I I believe in this idea. I don't know what's going to happen. It can make zero dollars, but I really want to take this bet." And I just that's something that worked out for me. It feels like the the balanced approach is where the magic lies. it's probably more difficult because you need that trust between both parties, but >> um >> when you when both parties have a skin in the game uh >> and and you have the influencer who's so good at promoting and we talked about this in the episode we did together, but you just talked about how like >> when Hank put on his like make this launch big hat, it was just like watching magic happen. Like he's just a genius at that. And that's something that most of us probably in the stream are not necessarily uh experts at the same way that a big-time influencer is, but they're not experts at uh obviously building an app, but also just the app store dynamics >> and yeah, building a successful onboarding funnel and all of these kinds of things. And so when both parties are >> invested and want this to succeed long term, that feels like that's where this is a really really like positive kind of feedback loop both both ways. >> Yeah. I I will also say like if I were to start today with like I have a couple influencers in mind. Um sometimes they might even like get funding from someone else if they don't have the money to up to upfront it like funding from another like creator or something they could like invest. Um, I would maybe even for uh ask for like this is very low in my opinion based in the US like maybe like $5,000 upfront and then $5,000 at the end of it. I feel like that's enough like skin in the game where um they would feel like they want to see this through and they want to do and they want to do that. But honestly, legal just to get a contract drawn up is probably going to cost you about that too. So, it's probably going to be a little bit more a little bit more than that. Um cuz yeah, I think it was like $3 to $5,000 for the legal contract. Um which you should absolutely have if you are going to work with an influencer because um that it is a lot to to take a bet. Um, but if if you were like if I were to take a lot more upside, like if I took um and charged a lot more, I would probably take like 25% equity or something still. Um, I don't know. I think also moving forward I will own the IP. It It's like it's public knowledge that that um Hank owns the IP of um Focus Friend, which is fine and it works out for us. But um I think that was that's something for me is is so that you have like creative control or like what's the what's the thinking that goes on there for people because people are going through the situation with very different circumstances. So like why why goes into that decision-m I guess? >> Well there's like who owns the code and who owns the IP? Um I think just for me it would just decisions. I don't have to like kind of go through him to like we just launched merch um which he did actually help with but like I have to like make make sure that he's involved in all of these processes. Um, and I think moving forward, um, I it's just for my studio specifically. I think for anyone else, it does give the influencer a lot more, uh, trust in you if you give them the IP. If this is someone, this is your first time, um, then them owning it would probably be like the trust, but then you could say that you owned the code. So, yeah, that's some legal stuff. >> Yeah. And I imagine too it's there's an element of for many influencers that you might work with. Um you're building it around some concept that that they own. Like there's probably a lot of health and fitness people that like maybe they have maybe they've written a book on >> a specific way to approach things and so you're building the app version of that thing. Well, it makes sense that they would own that IP probably, right? >> Yeah. So, um, and I also want to say this, like since, um, talking to developers, um, and the reason why we didn't do this whole like who gets paid more thing, um, or Hank pays me 500 grand up upfront or anything like that. Like we we did that because like if we legally figured out how much would we charge for these services, like if Hank was also going to charge for his services of promoting the app, the like the that would also cost like so much money. >> Um that would cost so much money if we like actually like put put that down. Um, and similar to our salaries as like developers, you're paying for the 15 years of experience that led up to getting you to be the skilled person that you are. Even though when working with an influencer, it is not the same level of typing and working and eyes on it and stuff like that, them staying relevant and working on their channels and um and Instagrams and stuff like that, that is work that is still directly contributing to the app. Even though it has nothing to do with that, what with the app, it does affect the app. And so I wanted to just make sure that as developers we understand like them just being who they are and continuing to stay relevant does contribute um financially to um to the app success. Just had to say that. >> That makes sense. >> Yeah. >> Uh kind of in the same in the same topic uh John I'm trying to read like YouTube uh uh names and every time I start to say it I'm like ah this is a mistake. but it's John >> uh asked the how should we reach out to an influencer we think we want to work with. So obviously in your case you had a connection you know through people that you already knew with Hank but you mentioned like reaching out to people maybe more >> uh after you come up with an app idea you find somebody like what what's the mindset that you should come into when making these pitches and how should you approach that? Um I will Okay, so you can reach out through email. Um try to connect on LinkedIn maybe. Um, but a lot of them don't even have them. But they are always checking their emails because of brand because that's where the brand deals are or someone is is always checking their emails. >> Where when I think of the people I interact with that get lots of emails are usually less influencers and more press people >> and their emails are just completely saturated all the time and it's really hard to punch through. Is that the same for influencers or are they actually getting more Instagram comments and they actually get less emails? Um, I'm trying to think like one of my friends DM'd Stephen Bartlett on LinkedIn and he responded like he responded [laughter] like >> I see that's so I don't understand >> and he and like they change numbers. >> Yeah, it really is like I think you just have to like cast your wet nut your net wide. [laughter] Yeah, your net wide and then see if um if they actually bite. Like sometimes they'll it'll be in the middle of the night and they're like their their brains are kind of like turning and they they see it and they're interested. Um the pitch has to sound good. Um, and yeah, I think like they're not they're always they're always approached for like promote my thing or whatever, but probably not very often do they get approached by a developer who wants to like build something for for their audience or anything like that. Um, my approach is like I just try to uh I try to smoo my way. So, I'll go to conferences that I think they'll be at, figure out who do I know who can maybe introduce me to them. Um, >> and these kind of conferences [laughter] are like like the kind of VidCon, you know, influencer. In your case, it's more YouTubers, right? Um, >> yeah. >> But finding your way into into events where you have a chance to kind of face to face pitch it. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I but I found that they're all pretty open to chatting about it. I don't they're they're not pitched as often as you might think. So, um, yeah, there are some who they don't see the value, which is fine, but, um, I will say I will say that if they seem like they're good at business, they will most likely respond to you, and that's probably someone you want to work with. Um, I've thought about choosing the next influencer that I'm going to work with, if not Hank again. And um one of the biggest issues that I have is that like if they're not good at business, they're not really going to understand. Like I've told someone like here here's the evidence, this is what we did, whatever. And they're like, yeah, I don't know. Like I I I don't think that that's going to work for me. I'm like, but you could make like3 to$10 million a year off of that. And they're like, uh they also don't care about money. That's the other thing. That's that's the other thing. They don't care that much about money. Again, I don't remember if we talked about this in the in the podcast itself or if this was afterwards, but you mentioned that >> um >> well, obviously influencers are like they they're running a business and they do think about business. It's not that they don't. Money is not the the primary thing for most of them, right? >> Correct. But the ones that do care a lot about money are going to be really good to partner with. I've I have learned honestly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've been doing a lot of research the past couple of months, Charlie. Like, I've been doing a lot of research. As much as I would love to work with like the one who cares so much about the information to getting to people and all of that, they really don't want to exit their view, their focus. But if there are some that are like, I want to monetize my audience. I want to like reduce my dependency on brand deals. Cuz some people, they're fine. They're like, the brand deals work for me. But if some are like, I want to figure out a way to really live off of this audience, those ones are going to be really really good to work with. Um, and they're going to want to like they're going to be a lot more collaborative and they're not just going to be like make this thing that I say to make. >> And is that a good strategy? You know, again, thinking about a lot of the people listening who don't have connections and they're cold sending these to influencers. is a good strategy to really um to really hit hard on the like, hey, I want to give you an opportunity for a different type of revenue stream because they're all getting hundreds of, you know, emails from different brand deals and stuff and those are all kind of in the same boat. So >> finding a way to articulate very well the benefits of having an app that you've monetized even outside of the specific app itself, but just the the concept of like uh what do you what do we what do we call it? Passive income. Um >> yeah. >> Yeah. Cuz the thing with brand deals is it's like it's not passive. It's like if you stop making content, the money stops flowing. Whereas an app, you can do a bunch of work and it kind of comes in and it's just a different type of way to monetize. Is that a good way to pitch it? >> Yeah, I would say so. Um, I think like people in the health and fitness space in general, like I'm obsessed with health and fitness space. So, because of like there are so many influencers that I found that have 5,000 monthly active view or monthly active subscriptions making a million dollars a year. They this this one app got 15,000 downloads in a whole year and was making still over a million dollars because like her app is just for postpartum like um like recovery like yeah it's a postpartum like workout app. I'm just like obsessed with that space because um I think in general those people are more like willing they just want to um figure out a way to like deliver their uh uh their information and I think that it's there's so many examples of like apps that they that they can like really imagine it in their mind because it's been done before. >> Man, that's Yeah, that's really cool. Uh okay, so let's see. we can talk. We probably won't get to everything that I had in here. And again, like apps or people coming in with questions. I'm I'm watching these and trying to bring these in. So, please keep them coming. Um, but uh something I kind of alluded to this whenever I was talking about the influencer category earlier, but we talked about this a bunch in in that podcast episode, too, but how do you how do you build for the audience as opposed to just building for the influencer themselves? So once you've actually gotten an influencer that you're working with, how do you start tuning the the app itself and talking through how the app should be built with the influencer and kind of aiming it in the right direction, I guess, for their audience. >> Um, the way that I did it and would and would recommend anyone do it moving forward is to ask the influencer to post a um like a survey link or forms link, whatever. and um to get some just basic information that you think would help answer is this person in the um target demographic of this app. Um, don't just say that like just first get like just some general, you know, just some general like age age buckets, um, gender buckets and, um, and ask questions that could allude to someone using like, uh, or having the problem that you think you're trying to solve and then asking if they use any apps to to try to solve this problem. That's like, um, the next page I would do in the survey. And then last would ask for like their email like would it be okay for us to reach out to you? And then I would just talk to them and see like how they're currently trying to solve that problem in their dayto-day and then see if you could solve um if like your solution helped solve that problem and then they were able to tell you yes it would yes or no it wouldn't. Um here's some ideas on how I would tweak your idea to help me solve my own problem. That's like the way that I did do it and we'll do it. And that was that was a major part of of uh focus friend, right? Is you did the same thing. You reached out with a survey to Hank's audience or at least a part of Hank's audience >> and then you were doing one-on-one interviews >> and that like dramatically shaped the direction of the app, right? >> Yes. So, um I I always stage like the interviews as like in different um in different like phases I guess like the first parts of it or the first part of the interview or section is like >> [snorts] >> um just getting to know them and the problem and seeing how this problem manifests in their life and then the second half is about like like my solution and then getting feedback on that solution. So like is this the look that you would want? How what features would would um what do you want? Like what? Yeah. So that's that's the way I would do it. >> And uh this [laughter] I I'm realizing as I'm looking at this uh definitely not AI generated uh screenshot here. Um, I think this is a poor representation of this, but I think what it's getting at is uh the the idea of one of the things that you really spent a bunch of time and iteration on and it came from all these interviews is the design of your character in Focus Friend, right? >> Mhm. Yeah. There's like I don't know maybe 50 iterations of a bean and um there's some there's some beans like on this slide that you're showing that I think are cute but um but we showed in these interviews like first I guess the last section was like okay first glance which one are you drawn to and we just showed like 10 different beans and then they pointed to the one that we that they liked the best and then the one on the bottom right of the screenshot there is the one that they ended up um really loving. But the ones in the middle, the uh the cat and stuff, those are just skins that people can pay for. But even the cat, I have like six different cats and I that was even um a survey. And then the reason we chose that pattern for the cat is um because that was the one that people voted the most and that was the first like cat skin that we launched with and it's still to this day one of our biggest like inapp purchases is still that cat. >> Oh, that's funny. And part of why you focused so much on getting this art style right was >> was about its sort of external marketing factor, right? >> Uh yes, that is the one of the things I took away from gaming and be uh because [clears throat] I was also an influencer. I was a Tik Tok influencer myself and I noticed which videos did be like which videos did better on Tik Tok and then also what got more organic downloads on the app store and it always came down to how something looked and that's like what what was the hook for someone to stay um for like a game trailer or for a Tik Tok video or whatever. It's like what does this look like? This looks interesting. I want to keep doing it. So that's why I focus so much on the look. I have to just [clears throat] said in the chat a bean test it and I [laughter] >> almost got my team today. >> That's very good. Is that what you called it internally? >> No, I was like I'll tell them today that we have our team meeting today. >> Oh, that's so good. Um yeah, that I think you know having some sort of character uh can go so far in in your ability to market it. like it just makes everything more compelling on socials and UGC content in app store screenshots. Um, and then also it's very fun inside of the app for the users who use it regularly. Um, but especially these days where it's a lot easier for people to to kind of do this like we saw some of the examples in in our community call outs earlier like you can kind of hone in on some sort of art style with the help of AI um much easier than before. And then if you can afford it, I obviously do recommend uh hiring an illustrator and like getting highquality versions of that throughout. But even if you don't, uh you can get quite a long way compared to you know your sort of standard this is what the app would look like if Apple designed it very flat way of of building apps before. I will say though like um I was like prior to now obviously but like back in 2020 I was able to get artists for like get a prototype for like $15 sometimes like multiple iterations for like still under $100. And so that's still pro like I would say a pretty uh low barrier to entry at least like to people in the United States. Uh, all right. So, we're getting low on time here and uh there is actually another live stream today uh because we had so many that they sort of >> uh they sort of bundled up. So, I'll I'll show a slide here to point people where they can go join that one also. But I do have one more uh question that just came in that I think is is interesting, which is when you're pitching uh to influencers, do they usually ask for a testimonial or if you've worked with other creators before? And is it harder if you've never done that before? And how would you pitch yourself if you don't have that sort of evidence already? >> Um, I don't think they Well, they've never asked me for testim I think the testim the testimonial is if you've ever built an app before. I think my testimonial to Hank is that I had a successful app already. um successful at least like in like smaller scale to focus friend, but I at least had launched apps that were like making an income. So that's what I would take as some type of testimonial. Um if you've never launched anything before, I would be very I feel like that'd be kind of hard, but I would warn an influencer about that if they um worked with you and you've never launched an app before. Um but yeah, they've never asked me if I've ever worked with another creator before. I think it's just if I have had um an app that has like monetized >> it does feel like I mean you know them better than I do but it feels like um even if it's not an app you've worked with somebody before with >> using using honestly focus friend uh would be a good public example but using >> find like a comparable comp to that influencer in terms of size >> and an app that has worked and just use that as an example of like there are other people doing this. Brand deals are not the only way you can make money. Look at these examples. Like that probably does go a long way. Yeah, that that was something I was going to say earlier and um I left my mind, but like um I would also just use maybe if there's some in their like kind of categoryish like I think in all the influencers in this chat or in this shipon have um direct like examples like there's some in uh health, there's some in fitness, there's some in um productivity. Oh, you can use focus friend or there's others or others. Um, and then um yeah, I would use that just to show them. Um, and maybe like if you have a sensor tower account, show them how much that app made them. I know that's true. >> Yeah. I wish at least something, right? App figures, sensor tower, uh, any of those like >> as a as a way to be like in the ballpark. Um, like these are apps making real money. This isn't just a one-off kind of thing. Yeah, >> that's a good idea. Cool. Well, uh, thank you so much for your time. Uh, I had a feeling we were going to run out of time and we definitely did. Thank you everybody for >> uh for the questions and for and for joining. And here I'll jump over to uh the next one. So there's an event happening right after this uh with uh Google and the ADM Mob team. So, we talked about distribution through working with influencers, but there's more forms uh of that and one of them is paid acquisition and ADM Mob is going to uh or not paid acquisition. This is going to be actually monetizing your app with ads itself in integrated into your app. So, they're going to talk about that. Uh check out the QR code. You can also go to shipan.com/live and you'll see it uh listed right there. But definitely jump into that one. Um there are I believe I should know the details. I'm opening the Discord to grab them, but I believe there is some exclusive uh like credits or perks that you get if you join. Yeah, there's a there's some sort of monetary bonus. I should have this on the slide, but I don't. But yeah, you have to be in the in the um live stream in order to get that. So, definitely uh jump in there and check that out and learn more about monetizing your app with ads. Uh and then on Thursday there's another event uh that we are going to have because the shipon uh is continuing stream of uh app building content. So definitely jump into that one. And with that, thank you all. This one's going to end, but please jump over to the ADM Mob event. And Bria, thank you again so much for joining. >> Thank you. It's always a pleasure to talk to you Charlie and with Revenue Cat. Thank everyone. Thank you everyone. Bye >> bye.