started. Let's give people a few minutes to get in here. The first one who calls out in the chat that we're live uh would be would be very nice thing to hear so that we know that we're actually live and it's just not just me and Dan here. [laughter] [snorts] I would make for a very awkward live stream if it's just the two of us. >> Does it count as live if you and I can hear each other? Right. That's that's some form of live. >> I I would guess so like and I hope that it shows up in YouTube uh still as a live stream. This just no one joins. No one wants to understand how to uh understand data and run experiments. Uh are we seeing any comments? I'm not seeing one. Maybe I'm looking at the wrong stuff. Uh, at least I hope that Ree eventually comments if we have if he's on the live stream. I think we are live. So, we just haven't had anyone commenting yet. So, well, that's all right. There it is. First comment. So, so Reese is at least following us so we can get started. So, all right. Uh, yeah. So, welcome to the I don't know how many live stream this is, but we're getting quite close to the end with this live stream. We only have few left. This one is about how to understand your data and run experiments. Uh, and with me here is of course myself, uh, the one of the developer advocates, the person doing judging for Shipathon this year. Then Dan. Dan, you want to introduce yourself and tell a little bit about yourself and how long you've been at Revenue because you've definitely been here longer than I have. Yeah, certainly. Uh, so hi guys, I'm Dan. Uh, been at RevenueCat for about four years. Um, I work on our product team. Right now, I work on our payw walls and webfunnel products. Uh, before that time, I worked on a lot of our customerf facing data tools, our charts, experiments, things like that. Um, in all of those cases, the reason why is I spent the prior seven years working at an app portfolio, ran the product team there for a few years trying to figure out how to grow our subscription business and doing kind of all the things you expect on the other side of that. Running paywall tests, figuring out how to measure LTV, uh, figuring out how to spin up new marketing channels, things like that. Um and so basically I've spent the last four years taking a lot of those experiences and bringing them to uh not only the revenue cap product but especially to our customers dealing with all those same uh problems opportunities. I guess it depends how you frame it. [laughter] >> Okay. So we have the exact right person to talk about data and understanding how to how to run experiments on it today. Awesome. Uh >> so before uh we get into all that and and like let Dan speak uh I'm just going to call out few building public post because we call this out every time and because there's been some interesting developments. So one thing that has been very interesting to see is that we finally gotten people uh to get their apps reviewed by Apple. There was a bit of a well I'd say people were quite worried that Apple would not review their apps in time. So first one there's the Akint that I suppose that their first version was finally reviewed after 63 [laughter] 36 hours of review time. Uh and that's that's like that's a very short time because I heard people being there for two weeks also in in the review queue. Uh another one that I'll call out is Caesar Caesar's video from from the I think it was in Matrid. We had a ship with an in real life event. He was there. The video is definitely worth looking at. Very good one. And then uh then Lisa's app caught my eye. It looked very good. And also getting close to the submission. I hope that means submission to death post instead of submission to app store because in that case you're cutting it quite close. But well, if we're anything to go based on Ainda's time, you still should make it if it only takes 36 hours for example. And talking about the shipon in real life events, so we had few this week as well. Uh one in New Foundland, one in Galery, then we had the Ramen Club in in London, England, uh which was apparently what I've heard like very very great event. And then we had the one in Madrid. And we're going to have still bunch of events. So even before this month ends uh we're going to have like a huge amount 15 events there's even more actually. So join any of these if they take place place near you. though. Yeah. And I re there mentioned that app review have has come back from holiday. That seems to be it or it could also be that it's the IS-27 kicking into gear and Apple starting to review apps that are listible for that. And thank you for our sponsors as well. So they made some of the prices possible but also pos made it possible for us to run this hackathon in this size. And I want to specifically call out one of the sponsors, appc screens. Appcreens is the easiest way to make your screenshots for your app store submission. So whether that is app store or Google play, they have a pretty nifty demo video how to get started from that QR code. So take a look if you're in the submission process and you need very nice looking app screenshots for your project. Uh, all right. And that's it. I'm going to let Dan take over from here and let's see how to how how we should understand our data and how we should run experiments. >> Yeah, sounds good. I'll uh I'll start screen sharing uh in a moment. Um basically what I'm going to do to uh kind of like walk through this topic today is uh for both metrics and experimentation. We're going to talk like kind of a little bit of like high level first of like how you should think about your metrics especially as you're you're starting out as as a new app and looking to grow. Um, and then we'll talk through how to like take some of those actions inside of RevenueCat and and do the same for uh for experiments. Um, so let me go ahead and and share my screen. We'll start walking through this. Um, there we go. Let's move that out of the way. Um, per two, that's all legible, right? That's easy enough to read. >> Yeah, I would make the maybe slightly bigger on the on the right side. Yeah, that that's pretty good. Or left side, however you look at it. All right. Yeah. [snorts] >> Um, so first let's let's look at this left side here. Basically, I'm going to I'm going to walk through uh you know the equivalent of slides on the left and then we'll do uh the the revenue cap demo on the right. Um so when you're starting out, what are the the metrics that you need to be paying attention to to understand how your app is doing? Um I'm going to break them down into a couple of buckets. This first metrics that that's here, new customers, the way to think about that is just very simple like how many people are actually getting to my app in the first place? Uh conceptually a lot of what we're going to talk about today is like how you to think of your app like a funnel where users are going through like one step at a time in order to get to ultimately a conversion and retention experience. Um and so you can think of new customers as just the first step in that funnel in your app. Um then uh after they're in your app and using it uh there's a payw wall encounter rate that's really important to pay attention to that tells you how many of those customers are getting to a payw wall. Um, but then importantly, you have to think about what the activation experience is in your app. We're going to talk a lot about monetization metrics today because of course that's what we think about at RevenueCat. You know, we hope you're thinking about how to grow your business through through monetization, but ultimately from your customer's perspective, what's happening is they're installing your app to solve a problem. your likelihood of getting them to stay with your app. Um, you know, upgrade to some kind of a paid experience, retain with it over time, it's going to be downstream of the value that they get from the app. And the easiest way at first when you're starting out to understand whether your customer is getting value or not out of the app is to have some kind of an activation metric. Now, that's not something you'd be able to like define and measure in in Revenue Cat. Revenue Cat's focusing on your your subscription metrics and your monetization metrics. Um, but you should have some idea in your mind of like, how do I know that my brand new customer has gotten to the point of value? It could be something as simple as like their onboarding being completed. It could be the first time that they use a certain feature or maybe the first time they like get the value out of whatever that feature is. Think about like an app like Spotify. Um, maybe their activation metric is the first time you listen to a song. Maybe it's the first time you create a playlist, right? Like there's not really a right or wrong answer to that question, but you should have it in mind. you should absolutely be tracking it as part of this uh you know initial experience of understanding how your app is performing. Um and then you know once you've got a a concept of that right I know how many new customers I have I know whether they're getting to a pay wall or not whether they're getting value or not through the activation rate. Um the other things that we're measuring are your initial conversion rate and your trial conversion rate. I'll go through exactly what those means in a second. But the the way to think about that is is these are kind of like the first steps in their in their monetization journey to understand how successfully you're converting these new customers in your app to uh potential subscribers and then ultimately paying subscribers on the other side of that. Um so as we do that, let's start to talk about like where you actually do some of these things in Revenue Cat. Um this page that I have open right now is our overview page. Like this is kind of like your landing spot when you open the RevenueCat dashboard for the first time. um which shows a handful of metrics uh basically like KPIs to at a high level understand how your business is doing. Um we're going to dive right into the new customers one and and click on it to open our charts because really in in charts is where you're going to be doing a lot of this analysis, right? Like if what you're attempting to do is say I've got an app I want to understand how it's doing and where my opportunities are. Charts is where you're going to go start to do that that deep dive and figure out how things are performing. Um, so this new customers chart that's here, basically what this is telling me is for the last 28 days each day, how many new customers did I have? In RevenueCad, a new customer is like just a new app user ID basically, but you can think about it functionally the same as as installs. Um, and so for this particular app that I'm looking at, like you can see there's a a varying trend on on different days of uh volume of new customers that I'm getting. If I'm a brand new app, basically there's there's a couple of things that I'm looking at here. like one just what does this volume look like, right? Am I getting tens of new customers a day, dozens of new customers a day, hundreds, thousands? That that tells me a lot about what kind of opportunity I have to to focus on. Um let's say, [clears throat] for example, this app is brand new, hasn't really figured out um a marketing strategy yet, and so we're looking at like dozens of of new customers a day. What that actually tells me most of all is that I have a top ofunnel problem, right? Again, if we think about our app as a as a funnel, the first thing to do in that case is to get more customers to your app, that's a marketing problem. Let's think about the ad campaigns uh that we might be able to run. Let's think about organic places you might be able to surface your your app and try to uh gain customers from, whether that's a, you know, a social tool like Reddit or Instagram or something like that. Uh maybe there are word of mouth opportunities. All that is outside of the scope of this webinar, so I'm not going to go super deep into that. But like that's kind of the first thing that you're looking at is like are customers here or not? Are they are they getting to my app? Once they are, now there's two questions to answer. One is who are they? And then two is what are they doing? Um so to answer the who are they question that's that's basically a segmentation question. That's a I've got the set of new customers. I want to understand who they are, where they're coming from, things like that. Um so to do that in Revenue Cat, you would uh go into charts, use the segment feature, and think through what are some of the dimensions that I care to segment my customers by. Um, a first super common one is just going to be by platform. So, let's say you have, you know, both an iOS and an Android app. You'd first want to see like where's the volume? Is it on iOS? Is it on Android? Has that changed over time? Um, that's going to tell you again both something about your marketing before that, but also then where the most lucrative optimization opportunities are after that, right? Like for this particular app, what I'm I'm clearly seeing is that iOS is a much larger share of the traffic. If I'm going to focus my optimization efforts, it's going to be on iOS. on Android, I probably have a little bit more of a top of funnel problem. I've got to get got to get customers in here in the first place for there to be something worthwhile to do. Um, as you grow in size, you can also start looking at things like the country that uh that customers are coming from. Again, that's to both understand optimization opportunity and market fit, right? Like like the the markets that you're getting customers from, awesome. Those are lucrative opportunities. Let's try to go optimize that. Let's see if there's something to lean into. the markets that you're not getting customers from. Maybe not worth the your time and energy right now as a as a brand new app trying to figure out where your optimization opportunities are, but it tells you something about the the levers to pull there in the future. Um, and in addition to this is, you know, maybe more more advanced than what we'll we'll be able to get to today, but in RevenueCat, you can also do things like uh segment customers by the attribution source that they came from. Um, if you're using Apple our s our Apple search ads integration, that all works out of the box. Um, if you're using an MMP uh like adjust or apps or something like that and passing attributes into revenue, we'll track all that here. Um, or of course if you've built your own solution to that, you can set any of these attributes in revenue cat and then go segment your your customers by that. Um, so that's kind of the first set of questions that we're answering on new customers is just like some customers are here, that's great. Who are they? So that I know where to focus. Um, but once we've answered the question of who are they, now we need to go figure out like what are they doing? like how far in this in this journey are they getting? Um and that focus area is really about conversion charts. Um so new customers again is just the volume of customers coming in. The first conversion chart that we would look at would be something like the initial conversion rate. Initial conversion rate in revenue revenue cap just means what portion of my new customers are making any kind of a transaction, right? So, that could be a one-time purchase, that could be a subscription, that could be a trial. Um, all the above are going to count in initial conversion. Um, and that tells me who of these customers I've actually been able to convince to to buy something in the in the product. Um, importantly, just to to mention it before we dive into here, um, you could also look at the payw wall encounter rate to understand how many people are actually like getting to that opportunity in the first place. Um, in fact, uh, hold on. I just realized I'm logged into a different account. Let me just log into a different one real fast. And then we will take a look at that chart. Here's my payw wall encounter rate. There we go. Um, with the payw wall encounter rate, what you're measuring is how many people even get the opportunity to convert in the first place. So, this is same thing. we're looking at uh percentage of new customers that even get to the payw wall. Um, importantly, you're going to see in all these conversion charts, there's this time frame concept that that's really critical early on to make sure that when you're measuring time frames, um, you're looking at uh, the same period length. So, like for example, an encounter time frame of one day means this is the percentage of customers that viewed the payw wall within one day. If they view it later on, that's fine. That's still a good thing. And you can measure those things here. Um, but the customer that viewed your payw wall for the first time on day 14 and the customer that viewed your payw wall for the first time on day one are having very different experiences. And so we want to understand is of these new customers coming into my product who I want to try to monetize, how many of them are getting to the payw wall on day one. Then from there, once we know what that rate is, um, and in terms of like a KPI here, like may maybe uh pay wall placement is also a little bit too too deep to get super far into in this webinar, but as a default assumption, you'll see that tons of the the best monetized apps on the on the app store, almost certainly somewhere in the onboarding process are are showing a payw wall to their their customers. Um, you know, you could be be delicate with the framing there to make sure that it's in the context of the value that they're providing. and you know, not necessarily like preventing them from using functionality if there's stuff that you want to give them for free, right? Like all of that is absolutely possible, but there's a lot more uh you know, risk and danger and downside and just not showing them a pay wall in the first place because then you're never giving them an opportunity to say yes to the extra value that you're providing. Um so like in a perfect world, this payw wall encounter rate would be near 100%. Uh that very rarely happens. There's always going to be drop off at some point in the funnel. Um, but aiming for, you know, 75, 80, 85%, uh, pay wall encounter rate, um, is totally reasonable. And if you're not seeing that, that's a great first area of optimization is just thinking about where do I put that payw wall in front of a customer to make sure that they even get the chance to convert on what I'm offering. Um, so then going on to initial conversion rate. Again, this is new customers as the denominator, any type of conversion as the the numerator. This is telling me whether customers are interested in what I'm I'm offering. Um the lot of the the segments that I mentioned earlier like segmenting this by platform or by country are totally going to be applicable here as well. So for example we could segment this by by first platform. Go back to our our iOS and Android focus and say all right [snorts] is there actually a meaningful conversion difference between platforms. To be honest in this case this is a daily view. You could see that the daily conversion rate kind of fluctuates a bit between the two platforms. Um I would smooth that out a little bit by looking at weekly if that was my data. Um, and ultimately what this would tell me is iOS does convert much better some weeks, similarly on other weeks. I'm probably not reading too deep into this right now and saying, "Ah, there's a massive difference in the conversion uh performance between the two platforms." That that's probably not an area that I need to focus on super heavily. Um, what it does tell me though is that like if you uh for example were to look at like Revenue Cat's uh state of subscription apps report, you would see an initial conversion rate in the the 20 to 30% range is quite high. Um, let me just make a quick aside there. I'm going to reference things like uh state of subscription apps report and other resources and things like that that you might be, you know, sitting on the revenue dashboard after this and thinking like, how do I go find that? Like what is that? like where do I where do I go to do something about that? Um, I'm going to highly recommend if you have not checked out Rico already, go check out Rico. You can ask it simple questions like that. We'll do some more complex stuff over the course of this webinar, too, that you can ask Rico, but even something as simple as like, can you show me the state of subscription apps report from RevenueCat? A link or TLDDR is fine. you can use it like you would any other, you know, AI agent except with all of the, you know, context of revenue CAD and what you're aiming to do in the in the product. Um, so if you get stumped along the way or if there's something that you remember us referencing but don't know quite where to find it, start with Rico. It's almost certainly going to be able to to get you uh past that hump. And there you go. We've got the state of subscription apps report to understand what normal or or average and high performing initial conversion rates look like. Um, let's go from there and spend a minute just talking about uh the trial conversion funnel. Um, I'm going to show you the the trial conversion funnel in RevenueCat. Um, but I want to explain why this is important first maybe before we even and focus on the the chart itself. Um, so again, we're thinking about your app as a funnel. And so the funnel so far that we've defined as a customer goes from using your app for the first time, that's a new customer. Uh, maybe they get to the payw wall, that's a payw wall encounter. Um, maybe they convert on the payw wall. That's an initial conversion. Great. Um, a super common way to offer that initial conversion would be with a trial. So hopefully the customer on the payw wall gets offered a trial. They convert. That's amazing. Now what's going to happen after that is there's going to be some time that they have the opportunity to check out the app, maybe get to the activation rate that we mentioned earlier and like start getting some real value out of your product. Um, and now there's going to be a period between that trial and their opportunity to pay where we need to understand do they complete that next step in the process. Um, so the reason why this is called and framed a trial conversion funnel is that you need to think about it as a funnel as like a journey that your customer is going through to see if they convert to paid. Um, the way the funnel works in revenue is very simple. We take cohorts of new customers. So in this case, uh it's a cohort of customers from June 2026 and measure for you how many of them started a trial, how many of them converted on that trial, how many of them are set to convert, meaning like they're in the middle of the trial and as of right now, their autorenew is set to convert at the end of it. How many are set to cancel? Um how many are inactive, which means they got to that point of being able to convert, but for whatever reason, the payment did not go through. So that's, you know, grace period, billing, retry, things like that. Um, and then abandoned trials, the those that started a trial and ultimately did not convert. Um, these are all raw numbers here, but sometimes that's a little bit difficult to parse. I always just switch this to relative and say, "All right, like show me what the the actual conversion rates are of these cohorts over time and and see how they're doing." Um, and again, just like every other step in the funnel so far, what we're mainly looking to get out of this is to understand where our opportunities are, right? So, like in this case, the uh start rate of these customer cohorts is quite high, right? That's the initial conversion rate we were seeing earlier. We're in the 25 30% range. That's awesome. It doesn't mean you shouldn't experiment with it. We we'll get on to to that question in a minute. Um but it does mean there's probably a little bit less leverage at that step than there is at others because this is a really strong performance at that step, right? That step is performing quite well relative to others. Um whereas then the conversion rate from trial to paid if you were to look at this in the state of subscriptions app app report you'd see this is a bit below median. Now on the one hand that's expected right as you kind of like uh you know get into this realm of of funnel conversion what you very frequently see is that like the progress that you make on some initial step usually results in some loss on the next step. Right? If you think about it in terms of like a real customer cohort, if someone was maybe not super willing to uh pay on your payw wall in the first place, you optimize that and convince them to pay, that customer is also probably a little bit less likely to convert from trial to paid afterwards than the customer who was a really great fit and was going to convert on your payw wall no matter what. Right? So, like think keep the the kind of customer psychology uh part of this in mind as you're looking at at conversion rates and trying to improve your product. Um, but certainly what this tells us is we've got an opportunity there, right? We've got this decent size uh cohort of customers coming into the app. A lot of them getting to the payw wall, way more of them initially converting than you would expect on average. Here's where we've got to drop off that that we could focus on and and go run experiments around and and try to get some real improvement. Um, I'm going to pause there for a second. And I have a quite a bit more to cover, but just in case uh there's any uh questions or or or things that I should I should tackle here. Uh Peru, anything I should I should jump on before I keep going? [snorts] >> Uh no questions at this point yet, but >> I've been while we've been going through this, I've been actually looking at my own app for this and I have to vouch for for Rico because I was like I missed something you said. I was like, wait, how does that work? And I was just like asking from it to explain that. Okay, what did Dan just say here? He said mentioned something like this. Dope. Yeah, definitely try Rico in in these cases if if if you miss anything. >> Totally. I'm I'm going to give an example in a second. We're going to talk about lifetime value where I I had the same experience today where I was like, I wish there was a way to to measure this particular metric. I'll I'll get to it in a second. Uh in Revenue Cat and I was like, I could just ask Rico. Rico could do the calculation. Like not a big deal at all. Um so anyway, let's let's do that. Let's talk about Sorry. Go ahead. Yeah, actually we actually got two questions now. So I'm gonna pull up the first one here. >> Uh so Ben the creator creator I don't know how to pronounce that. Can I track a lot of events with my own payment wall pay wall developed in flutter or should I design revenue and then integrate it? >> Yeah. Yeah. Good question. Um so first high level you could totally design your own payw wall and use that in revenue or use ours, right? Both are are totally viable options. Um, the payw wall encounter chart that I showed, that one does only work with revenue cap payw walls. The way to think about it is like we're the ones like triggering the event at that point and like defining that the the payw wall was seen. So like that's what that chart is built off of. Um, but you could very easily do the same thing with your own payw wall in, you know, any analytics tool. um you know if you're using Amplitude or Mix Panel or something like that or even a DIY solution um as long as you're firing an event when someone reaches that you've seen you're you're measuring exactly the same thing. Um and I I'll get on to experimentation in a second. There are there are definitely some advantages to using Revenue Cats payw walls versus your own when it comes to remote configuration like being able to make changes on the fly instead of having to wait for an app update. Um, but certainly the the tool, the experiments tool will work, you know, very much the same whether you're using your payw walls or ours. Um, so almost everything that I cover today is possible either way. It's just whether you're doing a little bit more work because it's your payw wall or or kind of getting it out of the box from Revenue Pad because it's our payw wall. >> Exactly. Then there was a question about uh higher priced items. So, let's see if I can get that to show. Probably not. I don't know what's happening there. There. What about higher priced items like 199 onetime fee for the app? Any advice? Do you have anything specifically for this? >> It's a great question. The only specific thing I have unfortunately is to ignore what I said about the state of subscription apps report. Maybe I'm wrong and there's a section in there about uh about pricing tiers. I I don't recall. Um but the important bit there is that like you understand yeah like my my product is uh priced and marketed very differently than the median app is. So I can't necessarily rely on the same types of industry benchmarks to understand performance. So that'd be that'd be one huge caveat out the gate, right? Like ignore my comments on normal conversion rates and and things like that. Um the second thing though I I would say is maybe a after you do that, maybe don't think about it that differently, right? Like in the the funnel optimization questions are still exactly the same. the the difference that you're going to find with a really high-priced app is that the likelihood of someone on your payw wall converting is going to be much lower than it is on on many other products. So, what are then the the tools at your disposal to change that, right? So, one is to try to deliver more value earlier so that by the time they're getting to the payw wall, um they they've been more convinced about the the value proposition that's there. Um, a second might be if you're, let's say it's a one-time purchase that has some kind of like urgency behind it, right? As as frequently higher price products do, the the value prop is stronger. That's that's why the pricing is is justified. Um, try to time the payw wall around that urgency or even just frame it around that urgency if you can, right? Like tie it to the the thing that the customer is is so desperate to solve that they're willing to pay a high price for the value that you're providing on the other side of that. Um, and then maybe one last point is that especially then in terms of offers, you should be really quick to experiment with those. Um, if there's if there's some kind of marginal cost in your product that's driving it, then maybe that's different, right? Like offering someone uh one month of access for $20, let's say, instead of 200. If there's a cost reason why you can't do that, that's different. But from a um an entry point perspective, what you're doing is you're giving your customer a much easier way to get started on the product and demonstrate its value while still then getting like a great conversion opportunity on the other side of that, right? Because unless they choose to cancel, like they're going to automatically renew for for that full price. That's the the contract that they're signing up front. Contract's the wrong word, but you know what I mean. Um, and the benefit then about having a higher priced product is you've got tons of room between, you know, a 7-day free trial and, you know, other types of offers in the middle to give something that's a valuable discount to your customer and still lucrative for you, right? Where like, yeah, even if they maybe they only stay for that one month and don't decide to to stick on for the for the entire lifetime or subscription or whatever it is, um, that's still a win for you versus a customer abandoning in the first place. So, I would think a lot about the offer strategy to try to make it more enticing to get into that that 199 price point. [snorts] >> Yeah. Yeah. And I would just call it like if you're thinking of like a lifetime option for example, uh I think the general guidance is to do like two to three times the price of a yearly subscription. Uh but that's definitely something you can also like experiment like Dan said that like put few of those and test which one of those actually convert like if you have the uh retention with your customers that they would like to pay you more to have like uh lifetime access then then just test out a few different prices and see see where it starts to convert and where it starts to drop off for example if it becomes too expensive. >> Yep. Yep. Exactly. Cool. All right let's spend a minute talking about Yeah. Let's let's spend a minute on lifetime value before we keep going. Um, this is a slightly more advanced concept, but I I want to make sure we we cover it initially because it is it's really the the lens or the frame that you should be thinking about all of your monetization efforts through. Um, in fact, let me go back to something I said before. When you're when you're optimizing a funnel, very frequently what happens is as you make gains on one step in the funnel, there are losses in a in a different step, right? you get more people to initially convert, but then few of them convert from trial to paid. As you're doing that, or maybe even as you're testing prices, too, and saying, "All right, what's the the relative value between a $10 a month subscription and a $5 a month subscription?" It could be very difficult to kind of like hold all those variables together in in your head and say like, well, am I net better or worse after this? Um, there are certainly some simple metrics that you can use to understand that, right? So, like even in revenue, let me just call it out. We have this conversion to paying chart that like basically what it's doing is it's taking all those steps of the funnel like new customer saw a payw wall initially converted converted from trial to paid and squeezing it down into one conversion rate and saying of your new customers how many of them ever paid you. Great. That's like one simple way to like kind of squeeze this down and say what is the net uh value uh or the the net increase in in my funnel and is it positive or negative? Um, but that's only the conversion rate piece of it. And what your conversion rate is actually doing is giving you an opportunity to get a paying subscriber on the other side of that. If it's a one-time purchase, then maybe that's it. Just they made their onetime purchase and and you're done. That's the value that you get. But in most cases, if you're offering subscriptions or even consumables, um, that's not the case. lifetime value is actually the thing that you need to be measuring to understand what that subscriber is is worth to your business and and the revenue that they're going to produce. Um the concept of lifetime value is basically just that you should be taking you know some cohort of customers that could be new customers that can be paying customers doesn't really matter just some definition of customers and measuring the revenue they produce over a specified lifetime. So that lifetime can be their first 30 days, it can be six months, a year, two years. The exact answer is going to depend on your business, how mature it is, the the retention rates you have, things like that. Um, but what it does then, let's let's just think about a very standard, you know, yearly subscription versus monthly subscription option on on a payw wall is it gives you a way to say, "All right, if I'm offering my uh product for $10 a month or $60 a year, how do I know which of those two options I should be pushing customers towards?" Because at certain lifetimes, right? If you if the lifetime you define is 30 days, the answer is yearly, right? There's no world where your monthly subscribers are going to overcome in conversion rate the value difference between their one monthly payment versus a one-yearly payment. If you extend that lifetime out to six months or one year or two year, the calculation gets different, right? Because now those monthly subscribers certainly if every monthly subscriber stayed for a year, no one would ever discount their yearly plans, right? Like it would be more valuable to do monthly at that point. Um, of course that's not the case. That's not the actual like consumer behavior that we observe, but lifetime [snorts] value is then the lens that we need to be thinking it out of because that's how I compare the difference between not only a yearly and a monthly product, but then the conversion rates to those products to understand all right for my new customers coming in the door, how much actually revenue am I generating per customer. Um so to show you how to measure that in in revenue, um we have this uh chart called the cohort explorer um where it lets you do three things. Um, so when we look at it right here, by by default, all it's doing is it's defining a cohort of customers. So this is a cohort of new customers. Same definition we've been using for all of our other charts. Um, saying how many of them joined in a given month. So 33,000 in in September 25. And right now it's just measuring revenue. So that means this is not lifetime value. This is just in month zero. How much revenue did that cohort generate? It was 112K in this case. In month one, 12K, month two, 3K. You can see it falls off a cliff. Uh that's because this particular product monetizes heavily through yearly plans. Um and so as we extend that out, oh I'm not looking at a far enough time range, but you can imagine in month 12 and 13 that starts picking back up because you start getting some some yearly renewals. Um so this is just revenue right now. This is how much money am I making from that cohort each month. Then I could switch to LTVO and I can understand what is the total revenue I'm generating from that cohort over time. So that's this is literally just adding those individual fields together. Right? In month zero, I generated 112K. Month one was about 12K, total is 124K. Um, but this cohort view can be difficult to to reason about because then obviously it's influenced by like the number of customers in the cohort. And so what I do, what a lot of apps do is just focus on realized LTV per customer. And what this is telling me is for the the customers that came to my app, what's the revenue or the lifetime value that I'm gener generating per customer? Um, and so I can then compare that and get a sense of, okay, is my cohort from February 26 per customer more or less valuable than the cohort that I uh gained in in March 26. And you can see in this case there's a clear value difference. It's a much higher LTV at month zero and at each uh following month than in the in the February 26 cohort. Um, again, some of like the the calculations there are going to be like difficult to do if you're a brand new app. like it relies on understanding what your customer retention is if you're going to try to like predict LTV for the future. You don't have subscriber retention yet. So like there's nothing to predict. [snorts] Um but what I do want to call out here is two things. Um actually three. I'm not going to go through the charts, but I just want to show you that they exist for when you come to these problems in the future. [snorts] Um so first there's the subscription retention chart from RevenueCat which gives you the first answer to that question which is just I've got these cohorts of subscribers. How do they retain over time? Um, it's going to be empty and sad for a brand new app, but I promise you, give it a couple of months, you're going to start getting subscribers, you're going to see their retention grow over time. Uh, you're going to have some really interesting insights to pull out of this. Um the second thing that we do then is provide the prediction explorer which takes that same concept from the cohort explorer and says all right but based on the retention of your products the retention of average products for things that are uh that are newly offered what do we expect that uh lifetime value to look like over time? And then maybe most importantly, let's go back to the the recommendation before. If you're lost, if you're not entirely sure how to think about lifetime value, if you're not sure what to do about retention, ask Rico. Um, so in this case, uh, what the question that I asked Rico before because the way I would think about this as an app is, um, if I just want to think about, uh, the retention of my monthly product versus my yearly product. What I'd really like to do is say for my monthly subscribers, how many times do they pay me in a year versus the average yearly subscriber? The way you can do that is say um let's just let's just assume your app has a one month retention rate of 60%. I'm just going to throw that number out there for now. Um I'm going to say if my app has a 60% month one subscriber retention rate for monthly subscriptions. How many average payments can I expect per subscriber? in one year. And we'll give that a second to cook. But like basically what Rico is going to be like giving you there is an answer to the question of like what is the like rough paid lifetime value I'm going to get from monthly subscriber versus a yearly one. Now that tells me what do I optimize on my payw wall? And the reason why you'll see a lot of like paywall testing strategies recommend giving a meaningful discount on yearly and then prioritizing the yearly subscription is because you need a super high monthly retention rate in order for the monthly subscriber to be more valuable than the yearly one. Um, certainly true over time, but of course that's true in the in the short term. Um, I won't go through all of of Rico's answer, but basically what it's doing is first it's explaining that the way a subscription curve works is that if you got a 60% retention rate in month one, it's going to degrade in month two, three, four, etc., but probably a little bit slower than it did in month one. That's typically what the what the curve does. Um, and so the math that you're doing is just trying to say based on that initial month and the probability of of future months here is roughly how many payments I'm going to get on the other side of that. In this case, 2.5 is the the number that it came up with from this 60% starting point. Um, you could keep going from here though, right? This is the initial answer to the question. If you want to understand then how do I think about that in relation to my yearly subscription? Oh, by the way, Revenue Cat's got the retention data already. like you could do all of that here and and go through as robust of an analysis as you're looking for. Um, all right. So, let me pause there. That's a that's a a complicated topic. And again, maybe I want to caveat this to just say the only time uh analyzing lifetime value is going to matter is if you got to the point already where you did all of the other things that we just talked about, I knew customer volume is sufficient enough that I can start thinking about conversion rates. I can start optimizing those conversion rates because there's, you know, a real volume of customers getting to the payw wall. Um, it's once all of those things are in place that then you can start to say, okay, now how do I think about like optimizing the value of them over time? All right. Um, let's transition a little bit and start talking about experimentation. Um, the the first important thing to uh to discuss here is just to answer the question of whether you should be running AB tests or not. And it's it's a very similar frame to what we've been talking about the whole time with with metric optimization. If your app is a funnel, then the question of whether to run a B test is whether you have enough customers at whatever step in the funnel you're testing for there to be value in optimizing that step. Let me just put some numbers on it to make it concrete like we did before. Um if you have uh 100 customers per day coming to your app, uh it's going to accumulate to 3,000 by the the end of the month. If I'm I'm doing my simple math correctly there, if I had 3,000 customers split between two variants in an AB test, it's about 1500 customers per variant. Let's say a 10% conversion rate, 150 conversions on the on each variant on the other side of that. That's probably not enough to be statistically significant if I'm putting that in a significance calculator, but that is a decent amount of signal to understand like are there dramatic differences between these two different offers that I might give customers. Like that's a that's a decent uh starting point. um that was 100 customers per day. If the number is 10 customers per day, we're in a totally different world. And then in this question of whether to grow the funnel or optimize, the answer is clearly grow the funnel, right? Like you can optimize the conversion rate and the LTV of those 10 customers all you want to. It's not going to meaningfully change your business. What's going to meaningfully change your business is going from 10 to 100 to a,000 customers per day, right? Um, of course, in a perfect world, the answer would be let's do both. Let's grow the funnel. let's optimize. Um certainly as app businesses grow and become really successful, that's exactly what they spend their time doing, there are entire teams dedicated just to the grow the funnel side of that problem and just the optimize side of that problem. Um but when you're resource constrained, when you're starting out, you've got to pick um and if the the volume of customers getting in, getting to your pay wall is low, we're focusing on growth. If the volume is getting high, then we're going to start uh thinking about optimization and experimentation. Um, but now even as you do that, so let's say let's say optimization is your goal, you still have then another question to answer of whether what you're looking for through the experiment is an incremental win or a step change. And what I mean by that is an incremental win might be I have a 10% conversion rate on the payw wall and I got to a 12 or 13% conversion rate. That that adds up quite a bit over time, right? I mean, not I don't want to diminish the value of of incremental incremental wins over time is how big businesses grow, but that's the type of change that is going to be super difficult to measure outside of an AB test, right? That's where you do need the structure of I'm running an experiment. I have these very clear control groups and variant groups that I'm measuring over time. Yeah, that's that's a great use case for experimentation. If instead what your business needs to grow is a step change, right? I need to double or triple the amount of revenue that I'm gener generating from the payw wall. You have a totally different set of options in front of you because you don't need an AB test to observe that difference, right? Like what you could instead do is say I've got a smaller volume of traffic. I I need to see a lot of optimization here. The way I'm going to speed up my path to that optimization is I'm going to skip AB testing. I'm just going to go make pricing changes and serve them to all of my customers and see if they actually deliver the step change that I'm looking for. And to do that, I'm going to look at things like conversion rate and lifetime value, like a lot of the charts that we just looked at, um, and see if I get this step change effect. If I don't, all I've discovered is that like this variable is not, uh, or this this outcome in the variable is not meaningful enough to actually be a point of focus right now. So, that's a really fast form of of experimentation, not through rigid AB testing, but because of the fact that what you're actually looking for is these like significant step changes in performance. So you got to answer that question first before you decide like I'm going to go run an AB test because an AB test slows you down for the sake of fidelity. Frequently that's a that's a good trade. It's not always. So you got to got to answer that question first. Um so now once we're in the realm where we're running an AB test and we're saying all right my customer volume is high enough um my you know the my performance on on my payw wall is good but I maybe haven't experimented a lot with prices. I haven't experimented a lot with the uh the offers on the page. the design, things like that. That's then the point where we're going to say, "Okay, great. You should be running experiments." Um, first maybe just like psychologically, let me establish why. Um, an experiment that requires, you know, almost zero time to deploy, right? Because all the infrastructure is in place, whether you're using a tool like RevenueCat or something else. Um, if your your payw wall is already remotely controlled through Revenue Cat, functionally what that means is like you can start an experiment in in minutes, right? Like something like the the CTA copy on your on your payw wall, whether it says continue, subscribe now, try for free, whatever. Um, that small variable has a ton of leverage. We see very frequently that customers increase their conversion rate just by focusing on the copy on that CTA and it takes minutes to change that copy in in revenue cap pay walls and go run an experiment on the other side of that. And so like more than anything else the reason to even think about and spend time on experiments is because they are super cheap. Uh you can you can launch them super quickly very very low risk um and then potentially have really meaningful ROI on the other side of that. Um, so that's why we even like spend time on this topic in the first place, right? If it was going to take weeks and months to go craft these experiments and deliver them, no one would spend their time on them, but we do and the most successful apps do because we can deploy them super inexpensively. Um, and then again, if you're using a product like Revenue Cats payw walls, um, I'll just show a a payw wall real quickly just in case you haven't uh checked one out before. Um, all of the content on this page is defined in Revenue Cat's dashboard. So you can think of almost anything on here as a variable to experiment with. So that's the design, the copy, the products that are being offered, like you know, almost anything on here you can run an AB test against. Um, of course that can be a little bit overwhelming as well. Um, but now we're going to go back to uh a couple of different things. So one, right in RevenueCat's dashboard, I'm on the experiments page right now. Um, you're going to see some suggestions at the at the top of the screen for different types of uh tests that you can run. Um, if you go to Revenue Cat's blog, you'll see we have written tons of content in the past over different types of experiments to start with. Um, but more than anything else, let's let's go back to our our favorite answer. Just talk to Rico about it, right? Like you can ask Rico about what are the most common experiments that brand new apps run, what does Revenue Cat recommend, what are what's the hot new trend in experimentation? It'll give you all of those answers. And so if you feel lost about where to start, you don't need to. Rico or any of these tools here are are great ways to get like kind of your first couple of like excuse me first couple of ideas of of what to test. Um now last thing to um to call out there just to make sure that you've got kind of like a mental model of of how to actually like execute and measure the test on the other side of that. Basically what Revenue Cat's experiment product is doing. Um actually let's let's let me start by opening up an experiment and then I'll I'll explain a little bit more. Um let's go to believe it or not this is not today's webinar experiment. This is an experiment from another webinar but it'll work perfectly for today. Um so basically what the experiment is doing these are the two different variants in this experiment. When you use revenue catat um one of the core things that's happening in your app is it's checking with revenue what offering to serve to a customer. An offering is a collection of products um metadata and and potentially a payw wall on the other side of that if you use our payw walls. Um, and it's just taking that answer and instead of giving you the same answer for every customer, it's splitting it to whatever audience you decide to run the experiment on. So, you can [snorts] filter it by platform, by country, a lot of the dimensions that we've talked about already. Um, that's even getting uh more diverse um already. Um, so you pick your audience, you run the experiment. All it's doing now is just changing which payroll they get served by by giving your app a different response on the other side of that. And so what the experiment is attempting to do is a lot of the same things that we just showed in charts, but instead of the comparison on initial conversion rate being between two platforms, the comparison is between two variants. And so like a lot of the data that you'd look at, I'm going to go to the full report, it's a little bit overwhelming, but I it's because I want to like make this point. when you go to the full report in in RevenueCat for your experiment, it's taking almost all of those same metrics that we pointed out in in charts and just saying, okay, what's the difference now between control and variant? So, initial conversion rate is here. We can see in this case there was like a fairly minor difference in conversion rate uh between the two. Um the variant did win by 1.76%. Um but you can see if you want to like really get into the details that there's a for the 95% credible interval basically meaning like uh what is what is there a 95% chance of of happening as an outcome of this. Um that shows the range of likely outcomes in here. And you can see it's still pretty wide, right? Like moderate increase in conversion rate, not a definitively a positive one way or the other. Um it's true for all the other metrics though that are here, right? So trial conversion rate uh is there conversion to paying. We saw we talked about LTV that's here as well. Um and so what you're doing when you run an experiment is basically just setting up that split between two pay walls based on whatever hypothesis you have about how you're going to improve your payw walls performance. If you don't have one, you asked Rico or or did something like that to to get to this first hypothesis. And then you're measuring what the impact was on the other side of it. I'm focusing on conversion and revenue over here because almost always when you're running an experiment, it's one of those two metrics that you're optimizing for. Um, the cases where you would optimize for initial conversion, so that's like what happens on the payw wall, did they choose the the payw wall or not, are times where you expect that the impact of the experiment is not going to change anything about uh maybe you didn't change prices at all. Uh maybe you didn't really change how packages are laid out. you're really just trying to persuade more customers to to buy. Those are cases where it's usually pretty safe to focus on initial conversion rate because you're probably not changing the the LTV that much on the other side of those initial conversions. Um, you might be hearing me say that though and and thinking, well, how do I know if I'm going to change the the LTV on the other side of that? You don't have to. All the data is in here, right? So, even if I run my experiment and say, I think I'm just going to uh influence initial conversion rate. I'm going to focus on that. So, I can just optimize that metric and maybe move a little bit faster. Great. You've got that here. When you go to the the results summary, depending on the type of experiment that you pick, will highlight the metrics that are most important to uh to focus on. So, you don't even have to look at the full report if you don't want to. Um, but then if you want to just go make sure like that, you know, your realized LTV is not changing that dramatically or that for the customers that choose to pay you, they still have similar realized LTV. That's all in here as well, right? So, you don't have to worry that that you're going to miss uh a signal. The data is in here. Um, but then there's lots of other experiments where what you actually do want to be measuring is the LTV impact because again, let's the value of of thinking about lifetime value is that it wraps all of these other things that happen in your funnel together into like one major uh, you know, impacting metric on the other side of that. Um, and so whenever you're changing price, whenever you're changing even how packages are offered, uh, like whether the yearly or the monthly package is pre-selected when you reach the payw wall, that's going to have a big LTV impact. Um, pricing we covered already, uh, if you're adding offers to your to your products, you're going to want to measure your results through lifetime value and revenue. Um, so very very frequently, this is what you're going to focus on is what is the actual LTV impact of of this experiment one way or the other. Um, and and then, you know, go from there. Let me pause there. Um, I will just call out I kind of I showed the the credible interval inter interval uh feature over here. There there are a couple of other features like that inside of experiments that can give you a sense of like how significant the result is one way or the other, but again I'm beating dead horse a little bit. Uh what I would do if I'm running this experiment for the first time and trying to understand what to focus on, I'm going to go start with Rico summary over here. night. Like basically all Rico is doing is looking at the exact same data that's on your dashboard with the context that revenue has the context of the type of test you are trying to run and giving you a succinct summary of of how it's doing so far and what you should do on the other side of that. That's the the recommendation. Uh so you don't have to feel overwhelmed. You don't have to understand like every nitty-gritty detail about what's being offered here. You could even just focus on on Rico summary and get a good sense of of what you should do on the other side of that. >> Makes sense. Do you want to take one one comment here? Uh >> yeah, definitely. >> So I have a challenge. I offer passes 26 10 weeks. So it is onetime purchase and I have subscriptions. Should I offer all of them or should I run experiments? The app is for students and their exams. >> So that to me that sounds like very >> Yeah, it sounds like it's very uh period of time based if if it's for their exams. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I'm not sure how to interpret the offer all of them or or run experiments part of the of the question. Let me let me maybe answer it from the frame of how I would be thinking about experimentation if I was if I was in that position. Um so we're offering onetime passes and we're offering subscriptions. The challenge that you have as a business model there is there's not um an automatic way to understand what the lifetime value is of those passes. Right? subscriptions have this amazing benefit where they have uh a normalized period and you can use that to then you know do make assumptions like based on a one-month retention rate what's the likelihood that they're going to retain in 6 n 12 months whatever you're you're looking at one-time passes are all behavioral [snorts] um if there's no opportunity to reuse a one-time pass that's simpler then then you're just comparing the the LTV of that onetime purchase versus the LTV of a subscription um I'm going to imagine in almost all cases the subscription is more valuable. So then we know the thing to optimize. Um let's let's let's do the complex approach though and say you know what the onetime pass you probably can buy buy multiple of them maybe different types of passes and so we need to think about our our LTB differently. [snorts] Um what I would be doing in that case is focusing on a time period. Let's say a month just to to keep it narrow. Um and look at your customers and understand how many one-time past purchases they're likely to make in in one month. Um, but almost certainly the answer is going to be uh what whatever the the number is, you multiply that by the revenue, it's going to be less than the subscription, right? That's the I'm sure that's the reason why you're offering the the subscription in the first place. Of course, uh, correct us us if we're wrong. Um, so then from an experimentation perspective, the biggest thing I'm aiming to do is drive people towards that subscription. So, the first couple of levers that you you'd think about in order to do that um is one what the pricing is of the subscription relative to the onetime passes. Um maybe you can look at uh discounting the the subscription if you need to drive more people to that. Um again, think about whatever your your marginal cost is of your business on the other side of that. Um but that'd be one way to increase lifetime value is just to move some of those customers to subscriptions because that's a a better discount that you're providing there. Um, second would be a trial like we talked about, right? Um, uh, the scary part of a subscription relative to a one-time pass is like you're basically doing a long-term commitment. And a trial is a great way to make the potential of a long-term commitment less scary initially because now I can get in, I can try it, I can make sure I like it, and then get comfortable with the um the the longer term subscription. Um, at the same time, thing to watch out for there is your one-time pass is a a pretty good way to do that as well and to to to give someone an entry into the product without the long-term commitment. So, the thing to watch out for with trials is whether they're actually like cannibalizing your total LTV because you're giving someone a really fast entry point to try it, get out, and neither give you a onetime pass or a yearly subscription in the in the first place. Um, and again, it's just your realized LTV and Revenue Cat. you could use to to understand that. Um, the last thing that I would call out there, um, again, this is all depending on on customer volume, but this is a a concept you should be thinking about. Just because your app offers many different types of products, does not mean you have to offer them all at the same time or to the same customers. So, let's do time first. Uh maybe there's a version of your onboarding experience where the first thing that you offer is the subscription because that's what you want them to do. And it's probably a simpler pitch, right? It's get access to everything and all these long-term benefits and things like that. If they say no, no big deal. Keep going through with the onboarding. And then maybe the payw wall at the end of onboarding offers both, right? Because you've already said no to the subscription. I'm probably not going to win you back just by showing that again, but I want to, you know, frame the discount still. Now I'm going to introduce the onetime passes and give you the opportunity to do that. Um, but a second way to do it is to just say like, "All right, if I'm offering one-time passes because I know there's this segment of customers that is more likely to convert on that than the subscription, then just offer them to those customers." Uh, you could use a tool like targeting or experiments in in Revenue Cat to change the pay walls that are that are given to to different customer segments. Um, uh, of course, that does require you to like know who they are ahead of time. So like maybe you have to introduce a a quiz into your into your app that asks some questions about use cases and gives a different pay wall on the other side of that. Um but that would be another way to try to optimize is to say if this is a lower value product but it's useful for some segment let me try to primarily offer it just to that segment and focus on the subscription for the for the rest of my business. >> Um I could keep going but that was a pretty long answer to that one question so I'll pause. [laughter] >> Yeah. And also we have like few minutes left so we could answer the questions and wrap it up. What do you think? >> Yeah, with only two questions here. Yeah. So this one is probably pretty quick. If I use 199 as the original price and run an experiment where I start off at 20% at $20 and every day discount goes a little way back of the price being $1.99. How would you structure that? >> Be hard to to be honest. It's the the real answer is I would I would not start with that thesis because it's going to be so uh uh challenging for you to implement. The a way you could do it is um man it's a lot [laughter] if if you do that as introductory offers you would literally in like in the app store for example need to create let's say 30 different products that each have a slightly different introductory offer. You could use something else like offer codes maybe instead, but now you're putting a bunch of friction in front of customers. Like, nah, that's scratch that off the list. Um, so it's a lot to set up. You're talking about setting up a lot of products, putting them on different pay walls. Um, and then let's just say through targeting and revenue cat um passing an attribute that's something like the uh age of the customer, right? How many how many days since they um first saw your app or first saw your payw wall. Um, and at each one showing them a different payw wall. You could totally do it. Let me let me not make that sound impossible. It's it's very possible. Um >> maybe I'm I'm underestimating Claude. Claude could build a bunch of that or Codeex could build it for you very quickly. Uh but the reason why I wouldn't do it is because unless you have a really high volume of customers, it is going to be super hard to tell whether that that strategy is worth the the effort or not. And so if you if the thesis feels promising, what you can do instead is have a $20 discount that they see initially and then uh maybe the next time they see the payw wall, it's a $30 uh offer. Sorry, I said discount, I meant offer, $20 offer at first, $30 offer the next time. What you have instantly established in your customer's mind is that yes, this was the best offer you were going to get. It is going up over time. if that's the tactic, if that's the hypothesis, you could do it with two steps and then very quickly see what the impact is of that if anything. Um, and then you could always add the complexity to it uh later on if if that looks promising. >> Yeah, another question. Sorry if I asked already or if I've asked already. Step past alarm. What about experimenting around virtual currencies increase how many call people get per inapp purchase? Maybe bonus extras so it doesn't upset app review. >> Yeah. Yeah, it's a it's a great question. Um, so first you could totally do it in revenue cap. I haven't haven't showed any of this, but um with uh virtual currencies, maybe I should not uh just try to navigate through the product right now. I'm going to end up stumbling around because I don't spend much time on on inapp currencies. Um, but because each product has its own like value that that is being unlocked when someone purchases it functionally in Revenue Cat, then it's just an experiment between two different products that happen to have two different grants associated with them. So you could totally instrument it exactly the same way as what we've set up so far. Um there there are two complexities to think about. One is again whether there's any actual like cost associated with the the currency that you're giving because then uh having two different grants at different volumes at the same price for the customer does not actually yield the same thing for you on the other side of that because you have some cost associated with those. Let's assume that that's not the case. The only other variable then that's going to be tricky to anticipate but that you have to think about is how am I changing the likelihood of that customer repurchasing. So if you have very low repurchasing behavior they usually just make one purchase and that's it. Um you're running a pretty standard LTV test at that point, right? Like like now you're just trying to understand like did more people convert on the product or not that increased my lifetime value? Yay. Or or even playing with the price if you want to. On the other side of that, um, if you have repeat customer behavior now, you need to spend some time measuring that because by granting more at the same price, it is presumably going to take them longer to convert. It depends on the the dynamics of your business obviously, but like now you've actually like potentially materially changed lifetime value uh for the same initial price. Um, that could still be a good trade, right? It totally depends on what the the conversion rate experience is that you get. Um, but that's the extra dynamic you've got to play with there is is the repeat purchase behavior. >> Great. All right, that's that's all the time we have. Uh, thanks Dan for for joining and next week we'll have people from appollow next Tuesday actually on our next Tuesday live stream we talk about age of or app store optimization in the age of AI agents. So join us