Do you update during the beta season? Do you update right away on day one? Or do you like wait and like kind of let things out? >> Always beta. Always. I don't care if it doesn't work well. I just want to see the updates. Like too much anxiety. I need to see what's new. >> Same. Yeah, I'm one of those crazy people that's in Cupertino traveling and putting it on my phone like the second it comes out. And on my devices. So It hasn't burned me so far, but I figure one of these days I'm going to get trapped in an airport because, you know, I'm relying on my phone that has a beta one on it and the battery dies or something. So, but so far it hasn't burned me. So I tend to I tend to just jump on top of it. All right. So, let's go ahead and kick things off. Looks like people have filtered in. I'm going to share my screen here. And Cool. All right. Today we're going to talk about selling apps which, if I'm honest with you, is something I don't know a lot about. So I am extremely excited to see to to learn a whole bunch cuz I have a lot to learn here. So, let's see if I can get it to advance. There we go. So, who are we? I am Charlie Chapman, the one developer advocate here at RevenueCat and the self-proclaimed captain of the ShipitOn. And with me today is Evelyn Herrera. You are the founder of EHVM Capital. And basically apps and games M&A expert. Is that Is that the right way to describe what you do? Perfect. Yeah. Sweet. So, let's go around the horn on ShipitOn news. But first, a quick reminder. These are live streams for a reason. We want your questions and I will awkwardly interrupt whatever Evelyn is saying to bring your questions in whenever it makes sense. So please give us those questions. That's what makes these a lot more fun than just a YouTube video that we could record asynchronous and and upload. So, if you're in Livestorm, please throw them in the questions channel. You could also throw them in the chat, but I'm more likely to see them if they're in the questions section. And if you're watching on YouTube or Twitter or LinkedIn or wherever else we broadcast these, you can join the Discord. You can follow that QR code and there is a ShipitOn live streams channel and I'll be monitoring that as well. All right. So, going around to the world of ShipitOn, the build in public energy as always is very exciting. But today I wanted to specifically celebrate apps that are shipping. Especially today being iOS 26 day. I'm sure there's a lot of apps that couldn't ship until today. So, these are three apps that are actually out in the world starting to make sales and and make improvements. So, this first one is from Shivam and he uh released this crazy uh AI morphing tool and I just love in his demo this like Disney animated cat thing that he has in there. That really caught my eye. So that one's really cool. Mark Hal released a uh gold app for achieving your goals and that is out in the store. You can download it now. And then Sahil released a wallet app. And that one I wanted to call out because they're promoting it on Product Hunt and he was promoting today that he's at 16 on the list and he's one upvote away from moving up further. So, definitely check those out. Maybe if you want to help out your fellow shippers, jump on Product Hunt and upvote those. I love to see that. So, yeah. Congratulations everybody that's shipped and remember that's just the beginning. So, now your real work is cut out for you to take feedback, improve on it, and then find ways to grow. Also, ShipitOn IRL events are happening all over the world. Over the next few days it's extremely European-centric I noticed. So, in a few hours actually there's NS Manchester in Manchester. There's also uh React Prague in the Spark in the Czech Republic. Mobile Warsaw is happening on Tuesday. That one's going to be a really cool event. And then ShipitOn at the Ramen Space in London is on Wednesday. I'm super excited about that one. That is a That is a space I've been watching kind of grow. I don't know if you've ever been ever been to London. But that's like a I'm going to be I'm going to be there. I'm going to be there on Wednesday. So, very excited to meet the the shippers. >> Oh, you're going to be there at the the Ramen Space one? Yeah, I'm going to pass by one or two hours just to say hi, but I want to see the faces, the products. Yeah, I'm excited. >> Yeah, that that is a like group in a space that's been kind of growing over the last year and uh I'm really sad I'm not going to make it to London to to check it out. Uh at least anytime soon. So, hopefully next year I can make it up there. But yeah, super excited about that one. And then in a Spain starts on Wednesday. I think it starts on Wednesday. Wednesday or I think Wednesday is when the workshops start. But there will be a bunch of RevenueCats there. I think we're doing some talks and some uh and some uh workshops as well as well there. And we'll have a booth. Lots of RevenueCat swag as you'd expect will be there. So, definitely check that out. And then also, some cool things happened. So, the creator of Picasso, which is a app screen sta- app store screenshot tool, they did a thing last week where they were just like, "Hey, let's just make Picasso free for ShipitOn users." And everybody like super jumped on that and people are really excited. Picasso's a great tool for doing your screenshots. And so I wanted to call that out. And then I saw right before we started this, I saw that Virtual Boy said, "Inspired by Picasso." They're doing the same thing with their app Bento Craft. Which I believe is an app for making those like Bento Box designs to show off like what's new in your release that time. So, here I can throw these links. Let's see if I can do this live in the chat. But you can also see them right there. Let's see. I'll grab one. Grab the other one. So yeah, definitely check those out. And yeah, maybe if you have an app that's for other other builders, do some sort of deal or sale or something like that. That's a good idea. We need to institutionalize this for next year's ShipitOn cuz I think there's something really cool here. So, just wanted to call those out, but I think that's pretty cool. All right. So, I'm going to hand it off to Evelyn to take us through all of the amazing things that you're about to share with us. Amazing. So, I'm going to try to make it as fun as possible. We're going to have some boring and like nerd stuff and and Excel sheets. But I'm going to try to keep it cool. The chat I guess is open to everyone, right? Yes. The chat is open to everyone that's in the Livestorm. So it is a little weird cuz we broadcast this like natively on Twitter and LinkedIn and YouTube as well. So that's where the Discord channel comes in. But I monitor the Discord channel and I usually copy and paste those into Livestorm so that everybody can see it in here as well. Okay. Amazing. So yeah, if anybody has questions, please feel free to to put them on the chat. So I'm going to share my screen. First, are you seeing okay? Yep. Okay. Amazing. Quick intro. I'm the founder of the biggest apps M&A firm. So, M&A stands for mergers and acquisitions. We have around 500 apps and games on sale right now. And we only do mobile. So, we don't do like PC or or any other types of or B2E like web. We just do mobile apps. So, it's super niche into our industry. With that being said, first, what is selling your app? Because it sounds like super random, right? Like I'm selling my app. Okay. What What are you like exactly selling? So, the first disclaimer is like an asset sale is different than a company sale. So, when you're selling your app, you're selling just like a little piece of your company instead of the entire company. If you were to sell the entire company, this includes like the legal entity, all the devs that the company might have, all the responsibilities, employees, vendors contracts, and so on, which is much more difficult. So, when it comes to selling your app, it's better to keep it as an asset sale. So, you keep it very simple. The simplest like explanation is that you just transfer the app from your Apple developer account to the buyer's developer account. And that's literally selling your app. They pay you, you transfer the app from one account to the other one. And this might be technical, but it's easier nowadays to do that than it used to be, right? Because I know for a long time you couldn't transfer an app if the if your app used like CloudKit or a bunch of different pieces of Apple's infrastructure. You had to transfer for the entire like business entity. But that's no longer true. Is that Is that right? So, I started this five months ago. I'm new. I don't know how it was two years ago. I have no idea. Like yeah. But right now it's extremely easy. It takes like five minutes and the app sometimes is transferring like two hours. Yeah, the maximum I I think it was like 10 hours from one account to the other one. But for the for the developer it's just like three clicks. And then adding the team ID from the new like owner of the app. And that's it. Like it's three clicks total. Okay. Cool. Yeah, I think that's I think that's the case. This was a long time ago. Everybody always said you should create a separate like LLC in the in the states for each app to make it easier to sell in the future. But I don't think that's true anymore. Not really. No. Also, nobody wants to buy companies cuz it's like a huge responsibility. Yeah. >> And the due diligence is way harder versus an app. For example, I have clients where we just share like access to revenue cut, access to App Store Connect, and the buyer can pretty much do the entire due diligence just with two accesses. That's that's everything that they need. And then for the for the code itself, they just try the app as normal users. Um So, this is super important. Um to keep it simple with the asset sale, you're going to transfer the app. That's the main like asset that you're selling, but you also need to transfer to a buyer the associated things that they need to run the app. So, this is accesses to a tech stack, like any APIs that you're using, access to revenue cut, um any other SaaS tools that you're using, distribution channels. So, if you have accounts on TikTok, if you run like meta ads, the meta business account, uh access to a source code, and then run assets. Just if you have like the icon, the ASO screenshots, any anything else that the buyer can use to keep running and growing the app. Anything you'd like to add, Charlie, here? No, I don't think so. This makes sense. Amazing. So, a point I think is really interesting for for the shivers right now is like probably if you're hearing this webinar or whatever it is, live conversation, it's because you're interested in selling at some point. So, it's important to understand what is sellable, right? Like what is interesting for buyers. And right now we are in a point in the industry where it's like so easy to launch new apps. Uh maybe not like that that easy. I'm not on the other side. So, I don't know how you guys work. I'm sure it's not that easy, but definitely it's easier than some years ago. So, the market is getting more crowded with apps. Uh so, it's important to understand like as there's more offers from the selling side, what the buyers want. And the buyers are getting more picky just because they have more options. Yeah. >> Um So, what they usually look for? Of course, the list is longer, but these are like the four highlights that I see in 90% of the buyers. They want either one or the four of them. So, high quality. Like they are going to try the app, and they are they need to be happy with the experience on the app. So, that's one. The second one is high retention. This high retention can be if you have a higher paywall subscriber retention, because probably all of your users are paid users, so how long they stay with the subscription. If you have like a freemium model or it's completely free, just how long for how long they use the app. Like the >> Is there a specific number that people are looking at or metric that people are looking at here? Like is it retention over a year, retention over multiple years? Like I I get the impression a lot of apps are sold relatively close to when they were built. So, I don't know how much retention you can measure that way. Yeah, so in this case like if they sell right away after Ship That On, it will be probably because like it will be based on the amount of users that they have and how long these users like stay on the app besides the retention if they have like a freemium model. Yeah, okay. >> Let's say that they ship and they maintain the app for like 1 year with subscribers and they keep launching updates and growing the app, then it's going to affect on these. So, there are different multipliers. We're we're like um skipping some slides, but in terms of the subscriber retention to your question of like if there's a benchmark, so you're going to fall into different multipliers of annual revenue or profit, and based on that is going to be the valuation of your app. So, the higher that is your subscriber retention or your user retention, the higher that you can ask for in the multiplier. Okay, that makes sense. Because essentially when you're evaluating your app based on a multiplier, you're asking for like years in advance of the business. So, ideally the users should stay like some months for you to say like okay, I want 2 years in advance, right? Yeah, and I'll bring in a question to you based on the last point. Mantis asked, how do you define the term high quality apps? Like what makes an app count as high quality from a buyer's perspective, essentially? Yeah, so it will depend on the buyers. Some of them just want that the the app works. Like it it does what they have to do. That's a high bar. I mean, I don't know. Right now like it's super trendy like uh bar scanning apps. Like scan cosmetics and get the rating of like quality, for example. And it happens in some cases that like in the US works really well, but then you try with products in the UK or in Europe and it doesn't work as well. So, that's one example. And it's not even all the design. It's just like if the API that you're using is like a good quality API and it has enough information. But that's measured based on ratings, then? Like how is the buyer determining high quality? So, >> it based on your pitch deck? No, all of them are going to try the app. Like before putting money, they are going to try the app. So, for some of them is going to be important that it works like these bar scanning or the plant identifiers, if it actually like identifies the right plant. And for others, it's going to be based on UX/UI, if they just like what they see. Because it's also like 2025 and like standards are getting higher. Like the bar is way higher right now. It's just like I understand like launching fast and like uh yeah, ship ship ship. It's cool, but when we are talking about buyers, they are paying these like 1 year in advance, 3 years in advance. So, they are going to want for the app to have high quality. But yeah, how they define the quality is going to depend on the buyer and what they like to see, what they put their eyes on. That makes sense. And I guess me adding on to that, does that also does that also apply to the code? Like you were saying some buyers literally will just look at your numbers. So, do they care about the quality of the code itself? Like whether it was vibe coded or what architecture they're using or anything like that? So, I see that they only care about the source code when it's a deal of like a million dollar plus. If it's less than a million dollars, like $100,000, $300,000, they usually just try the app, get access to App Store Connect and revenue cut and some other tools. That that's it. But if we are talking about bigger deals, yeah, they usually want access to a to a source code. They bring the CTO. They run like some tests and stuff that I don't understand, but yeah, it's for bigger deals. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Uh and what else? Oh, another important thing, and I think this is more for like new founders that they they use a lot like TikTok distribution, TikTok influencer marketing, creator marketing. And that's that's becoming a moat because buyers usually cannot replicate this. Like usually the buyers have money because they achieved something in the industry before, which means that they have been in the industry for like 5 years or more. So, they know a lot about like paid UA, paid user acquisition, but they don't know a lot about influencer marketing. And also the age ranges are older. Like most of the new founders are in their 20s. Some of them are even 17. But the buyers are usually like 30 years plus, um and they don't understand TikTok as much. So, that's part of your moat. So, they are going to want to buy your distribution engine. So, if you have like Let's say that you have a list of 15 creators that perform really well for your app, they are going to want to acquire those creators. Like I also had some cases where the founders were like, I can sell everything, but my creators are coming with me to my next app. And that can be a deal breaker for the buyer. That makes sense. Uh oh, we were reviewing this. So, any other questions with like high quality or high retention? Um I don't think so. I'm looking through the questions, but no, I don't think related to that specifically. Okay, amazing. Um then uh apps with organic traffic. And this is very important because if they like stop dedicating efforts to driving traffic to the app, they don't want the app to die in like 5 months. Yeah. So, um maybe like positioning your app in some keywords where the competition is lower and you have more chances of like run higher and get more installs. That's that's definitely interesting. And lastly, and this I thought that it was interesting for Ship That On, apps with large amounts of DAUs because maybe Let's say that you want to sell like 3 months after launching the app or 5 months after launching the app, maybe you don't have that much time for like optimize monetization with subscriptions, paywall testing, pricing testing. And also you need to have experience to that. Uh so, maybe that's not like the best bet if you want to sell fast, but you can aim to get a lot of users that they are active like in a daily basis or weekly basis, and then sell in a higher price based on the large amount of users that you have. Because the buyer knows how to monetize them. They can add subscriptions. They can add app monetization like with ads. Uh so, that's also an interesting model that you can follow if you're not that experienced and into like converting the users to to paid subscribers. Right. Um Any other questions here on the chat? Uh there was a question about I think you might get to this a little bit, but it was basically from Christopher, is profit equals revenue minus marketing or including total costs like employees? I'm going to guess employees isn't relevant cuz you're not selling the company, right? But I guess the amount of paid AU you're doing is relevant here. Yeah. So, it's going to be everything that is related to running the app. So, if the company has like 20 employees, but only two are working on this app, you're going to go count only the salaries of these two people. Uh same if you have like virtual assistants working with the creators, they are going to be part of like the expenses. Um so, this is an example of the P&L. We're going to get into this later, but like uh yeah, I think we can we can get into it later and I can explain in detail. It looks like it's zoomed in right now, by the way. I don't know if that's >> on purpose. Oh, it is. Okay, okay. Okay. Um For how much can I sell? That's like That's like another question that I get a lot, which is everything related to valuation. And essentially, you can valuate your app based on three models, which are the cost of developing the app, the revenue or profit that you're already making, or the user base and engagement. So, how to know which one can apply to your app is if you're pre-revenue, usually it's going to be based on cost. Like if you're not monetizing yet, it's usually going to be on cost. Let's say that you have like less than 1,000 users, you're not monetizing with subscriptions or in-app advertising yet, it's going to be based on the cost for the buyer to like develop the same app. Which is not as good, because right now it's getting cheaper and cheaper. Yeah. So, like I get many many developers telling me like, I spend like hundreds of hours in this app, so I want to sell it for $50,000. And it's like, sorry, it doesn't work that way anymore. I would guess unless you have some sort of very unique tech that would be very hard to replicate based on like research or something like that, right? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. In that case, yes. Um The second one that is based on revenue or profit is what we mentioned, like the multipliers. So, depending if you're making less or more than 1 million per year, you can apply different uh multipliers. So, this is based on amount of profit and revenue, subscriber retention, organic acquisition, uh competitors, brand positioning. So, depending on the buyer and also like the the strengths of the seller, different variants are going to apply to determine like where you're going to fall on the multiplier. And usually, you start with an asking price that is a range. It's like from this much to this much, and then different buyers can make different offers, and of course, you're going to go with the best offer in that range. And I just want to bring in this kind of um uh if it's not an native app, but in a web form, which you like not that technical article complex app logic outside of just revenue, do these things factor into the valuation, or is it just the ARR multiple? Uh those kind of play into the the cost equation that you were talking about, right? Wait, I think I I I lost you in the beginning of the question. No, uh basically, it's like if your app also has a bunch of content, video content, technical articles, uh does that come into play in terms of valuation outside of just the revenue numbers? Depending on how easy it's to like replicate. Because if it's all AI generated, and they can do it in 10 minutes, they are not going to pay for it. Or they can hire like a VA to do it for them for half of the price. Well, and I guess it's not just if yours is AI generated, but if the buyers think that they could redo it with AI generated content. Yeah. Yeah, it's also a lot about expectations. Like they usually diminish the effort of like, uh probably this is super easy to do. And yeah, as a developer, probably you spend more hours than they think. Uh but yeah. And uh just a quick question, is my is my microphone cutting out? Is that why you said that earlier? >> Not now. Not now, but it's working fine now. >> though. Yeah. No, but now it's good. Now it's good. Okay, let me know if it keeps doing that, and I'll switch my mic. Uh something about this software and my microphone don't like each other sometimes, so please let me know, and I'll switch it. It won't sound as good, but hopefully it will be more more stable. No, you're good, Tony. Okay, good. Um So, how do you find this? Is it good? Is it boring? Should I add more jokes? No, this is good. Okay, your microphone is cutting out. Okay, let me let me just switch it here. Um let's go with my my MacBook. In the meantime, I continue with the process. Can you hear me now? Yeah, yeah, so much better. Yeah. Okay, we'll we'll stick with this, then. So, the process is like selling or buying a house. So, I never bought a house, but I understand the process, which is like the buyer is looking for three bedrooms, two bathrooms, in this neighborhood, this type of house. So, the process of selling an app is the same. Maybe it's not as easy to find a buyer, because buyers are picky, and each one of them want different things. So, I'm going to run through the process, but this process can be repeated like as many times as you need until you find the right buyer. Essentially, you're going to repeat this until one of them gives you an offer that you're happy with. So, I'm going to first like share all of the steps, and then we're going to go through each one of them. Um so, first you need to prepare data to share. Probably buyers are not going to give you an offer or confirm interest if you don't share data. Um Once you have your data, it's also called data room. Um you're going to share it with potential buyers. >> It's called data what? Data room. Data room. Oh, okay. And in it's like it sounds fancy, but it's usually like a Google Drive with like a Google Sheet. Uh yeah, a Google Doc. Some of them do like a Notion page with like all the hyperlinks. So, it's just like one place where you have all the relevant information about your app. Tech stack, finance, uh P&L, distribution channels, marketing metrics, and so on. Uh once you have that ready, you share it with potential buyers. Uh the buyers are going to confirm their interest, and usually they request for extra extra information. So, depending on the buyer, they care about different things. Some of them are going to want to have more details into your distribution engine, some of them into the retention, some of them into the product tech stack. Um So, you're going to have emails with back and forth. Then, ideally, you get the offer, you negotiate the offer, you close the deal, payment and asset transfer. Any questions there? Is it clear? Seems pretty straightforward. Uh Yeah, it's pretty straightforward. My one question was uh do you ask them to sign an NDA normally, or do you just openly share your revenue, DAU, WAU, etc. in your deck? Or do you even need a deck? >> Who's the person that asked this? This is uh Shivam. Shivam, I like you already. So, this is on the next slide. So, you're going to you're going to need different contracts along the process. So, what I'm highlighting here is like the documents that you're going to need for each step of the process. So, before sharing with potential buyers, to your to your point, yes, you sign an NDA, which stands for non-disclosure agreement, that is basically between both parties saying we're not going to share the information or that is discussed or shared between these two parties. Once you have that signed, you can you can share the data. Um when they confirm interest, probably you're going to get like many buyers confirming interest, and they don't want to be competing with other buyers. So, they might ask you to sign a letter of intent, or maybe you want to sign it to confirm that they are interested and like move forward in the process. And this letter of intent, what they said is like, we are interested in acquiring this app for this to this range, we need to do due diligence in A, B, and C, and based on this, we're going to share the final offer. Um they usually have a deadline to like conduct the due diligence and give you the final offer. And once you sign this, you're compromising yourself to only engage with this buyer during the time of this uh LOI. So, let you It's usually like 48 hours to 1 week. So, in that timeline, you cannot engage with any other buyers. Uh and this buyer is going to like get access to your source code or anything else that is needed to do the due diligence. Once that happens, you get the final offer, you negotiate the offer, and then you close. You're going to need to sign this this agreement that is called APA, asset purchase agreement. And what it stands is just like, we're going to acquire this asset for this amount of money, these are going to be our payment methods. Some of them have a non-compete, like the the developer cannot launch a similar app in the next 12 months, for example, because of course, they don't want you to replicate it like launch with app. of money. >> Um so yeah, different like clauses, but also very straightforward. Any questions on the contracts? No, I think that makes sense. Uh there are more questions I want to I'll get to towards the end, but uh well, let's see. Actually, another one from Shivam. Does LOI mean they're locked in for the deal or can the buyer still back out at the end of the LOI? If they can back out, it sounds risky if you sign the LOI and have to turn down another buyer. Yeah, they can back out. So, ideally you get like multiple LOIs before deciding to choose for one, and then you decide the one that you're most confident with that they're going to move forward. And also the industry is small, so I will definitely recommend like asking for references. Yeah. Um also many buyers make it like super public that they acquire apps and which apps they acquire, so you can just go and ask the seller like how was the process, how was the offer. Oh, that's a good idea. Yeah, cuz I mean this same exact situation exists when you sell a house or at least here in the States where you accept an offer, but like there's a bunch of steps where somebody can back out. And so, if you have multiple offers, then you often will pick one based on who you think is most likely to actually follow through. Uh because yeah, there is a risk to turning people down, but it's kind of what you have to do. Yeah. Uh and Justin asks uh maybe this is jumping ahead. Do you publish a template NDA, LOI, APA documents? You mean like if I have templates that I can share? Right. I Yes, I think that's the question. I I can, but it will be tricky cuz then if anybody has any problems, they're going to come to me like Yeah, yeah, that's true. Yeah. So, yeah, no, it's only for my clients. Yeah, that makes sense. But what I can share, so the first point is preparing this data. So, I have a free P&L that anyone can like scan this QR code, and you're going to get a spreadsheet on Google. This is just empty, so you make a copy and you can like complete it, and you're going to get your super nice P&L. I'm going to leave it 2 seconds if anybody wants to scan. I would scan it with my phone and paste it in there, but uh I have to turn my phone off whenever I record, so my Mac doesn't >> Oh, wait. I have >> switch uh Yeah, let me just go >> do this. Uh Okay, I put it on the chat. Oh, perfect. Thank you. Okay. Amazing. Um Okay. Um any other questions on the process? Um No, I think I've I brought them in as they as they come in. I guess for the payment, you can use different methods. If you trust the buyer, you can just do like 50% upfront, then you transfer all of the assets, and then they transfer the rest like the remaining 50%. You can use escrow. That is like this platform that retains the money between both parties until everything is finalized. Is that usually through like a bank? An escrow? I don't know the process. We usually use a platform. Uh I think they >> that makes sense. The platform like retains the money. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Uh what else? What else is relevant here? I I guess like timeline for the process for expectations is like if you don't have lined up buyers, it can take like two to three months. If you already have interested buyers, you can complete it as fast as like in like 6 days including the payment. So, meaning like if you have no buyers lined up already, then it can take you said two to three months to basically collect like find interested parties and go through this process. Yeah. And like if you think about it, it's like you can post on Twitter, you can call DM people, you can use platforms like acquire.com or Flippa, you can work with me. So, there are different ways. Uh okay, that was actually I was going to ask that. Justin asked earlier like how do you signal to the market that you're ready to buy and find buyers basically? I think Twitter, to be honest, is like a really good way. And also because the users on Twitter, like the buyers on Twitter, are usually very straightforward and they move fast. Versus if you go to acquire.com or Flippa, they usually want to see more data and you get like maybe 50 requests, and out of those 50, only one is interested. Versus on Twitter that is usually like real users with their name and everything, so just because of presentation, they are not going to play with you and your time. Is there a way to find like like if you don't already have a audience of people who would buy apps, how would you find people on Twitter? Is there communities or hashtags? Do you get involved in the community somehow beforehand? Uh talk with me. Yeah, that's that's a good answer. No, I mean it's it's just putting good tweets, and usually the ones that I see that work are like screenshots of metrics. So, like screenshot of your revenue month over month, screenshot of like App Store Connect, your monthly installs. Uh so, you get the attention like very easily, and then usually the people on comments, they do their job of like tagging buyers. Or they send it through DMs. So, I think just trust the community. But the In also like if your app is big, maybe you don't want to share all of your data on screenshots. So, that's when it it becomes more like maybe confidential, and you just say you're like, "I'm open to selling. DM me for more details." Yeah. No, that makes sense. Yeah. And then so, I have this here, which is like who buys apps. And this is a question that I get a lot like from from people that didn't knew that this business existed. And yeah, it's very niche like apps M&A. But like 70% of the industry buy apps, which is crazy. Like sometimes I go to these conferences, and like 70% of the people that I see are interested in buying apps. And >> These are the growth marketing conferences usually or Yeah. Like Yeah, like the industry conferences. Like growth, of course for founders, dinners. Yeah. And like if you think about it, if you have the experience keep growing the app or maintaining, like even if you don't have time, you can just acquire an app that has like tons of organic traffic, and it's just like a passive income. You don't have to do much. Maybe just optimizing ASO like three times per year. Uh or you put like a freelancer to run some marketing for you. It can be paid campaigns, ASA, influencer. Um if you buy an app with tons of users, you can just have like a consultant to optimize everything that is monetization even if you don't do like more acquisition. So, it's like a really good investment. I actually wrote a piece on like app acquisitions being a better investment than angel VC because angel VC is like shooting to the moon. Like you don't You literally don't know if it's going to succeed. You just trust the person, the founder. Because you're usually like pre-seed early stage. Versus apps that you get access to App Store Connect, revenue card, you can see like It's already proven. Yeah, exactly. You can see the trends, the churn, like the user retention, monetization. You can compare with competitors on Sensor Tower. It's very predictable, so your chances of like getting a return on investment are way higher than angel investing. And also like everything is moving faster than angel investing until they do like an IPO or they sell the company or anything else that is going to give you like the return on investment. It can take like at least 5 years, 5 to 10 years. Yeah. Yeah. So, >> That makes sense. That's why I see that like everybody that has some money in the bank is interested. And this goes from like having 10K to buy an app to having like $100 to buy of course like a group of apps or something bigger. Yeah, yeah. So, I will say for people like when you think about selling, the market is way bigger than you think. It's just like getting the interest from these people. You got to communicate in a good way and get their their attention. What What is your I don't know if this is the right time to ask this, but what are your thoughts on the the people who are sending out like cold DMs? Cuz I a lot of other indie developers I know, we frequently get emails from people that are just like, "We buy apps." And I I I've never really engaged. I don't really have much of a sense for how legitimate those are, but is that is that a source that you make sense to engage with those people or is that like a maybe you should go, you know, try and find buyers on your own and you'll get a better deal? Um you mean cold DMing like from the developers to potential buyers or the opposite way? Buyers that are sending cold emails or DMs to app developers. I think it's super valuable cold DMing in like any industry almost for any reason. Um like >> the app developers' perspective, those are those are like I guess what I'm really asking is are a lot of those scams or is though those often like real legitimate app buyers who are worth talking to? Most probably they are legit. I mean, if you can go to a website and you can check their Apple developer account and just check their revenue on Sensor Tower and it makes sense that they have cash to acquire you, it should be legit. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. >> it's important to be careful like sharing your data because they can just copy you real quick. Like Yeah, yeah, that's true. So, be careful in that sense, but that's also like soft skills, having a call with that person and and seeing if you actually trust them. Yeah, there's not like real formula. And also checking online, but many companies do it like under the carpet acquisitions. Because they they just don't want other competitors to know what they are doing. Right. Like for example, >> cuz then they're not in like a bidding war because they they started the conversation in the first place. It wasn't like Yeah. uh ever public. Yeah. That's one and also like if you're a big studio and you see the trends that are coming and you're like buying those apps, you don't want other companies to know what you're buying. Yeah. And copy you. So, there are also like tons of big companies who have like 50 developers accounts just for other competitors to not figure out their strategy and their portfolio. So, this is happening all the time. Like acquisitions, but it's just maybe not that public. Um And for developers like examples are like agencies. Agencies are buying a lot because it's a very revolving door business. Like clients come and go. So, they are looking for these new new revenue streams that are more predictable. Uh publishers too. Any C-level that has like savings are interested. Ad networks like SSPs, DSPs, they are interested. Attribution tools. Any bigger app that that that you can be interested to. Yeah. Another thing is like for for developers, it's really smart to invest into like creating an app that they can sell because if they get like 2 years or 3 years in advance for the business, then that's like a nice check that you can invest in anything else. Like another app that you that you see the traction and you can spend on on user acquisition or any other project you have in mind. Yeah, well, and I mean, a lot of us smaller developers uh have more apps than we have time to actually be keeping up with uh appropriately. Yeah, and like you can sell the 80% that doesn't make like any difference for you and just focus on the 20% that is bringing you revenue. Exactly. Yeah. How many How many apps do you have at Charlie? Ooh, I mean, like real apps with real users, it's probably only only like three main apps. I'm trying to think. Uh yeah. I think there's only really like three major apps that I have. And you get traffic from organic acquisition? Uh well, I did most of mine comes from uh my own kind of press relations and personal brand and whatever you want to call that. Um I I piggyback a lot off of like today is a very big day for me because when Apple has any updates, I will make sure I integrate all of their technology and find ways to integrate it and then I promote very heavily specifically my integration of their technology because if I can get on their lists saying like great apps using Apple intelligence or whatever, that drives a lot of uh of top of funnel acquisition through the way it shows up in App Store Connect is it's called App Store browse, um which is basically like it's not a search-driven uh page view. It's a you're on a list somewhere. You're featured on the front store or the front page, app of the day, you know, that kind of stuff. Um but there was a time when I realized that most of my acquisition was coming from that or direct searches like from press stuff I did. You know, it was a link from 9to5Mac or something like that. And it kind of freaked me out cuz I realized how dependent I was on ex- my specific marketing. Um and so, I did a bunch of work to bring ASO traffic at least somewhat close, which kind of goes to what you were talking about earlier, which is like you want to make sure that if you if I was trying to sell these apps and all of the top of funnel was coming from work that I specifically did, then the buyer would not get that and it might the app might just die really quickly. Whereas if I can build ASO or do some sort of paid UA that makes sense for them uh as well, then that's something that would transfer over to the buyer as well. So, that's that's definitely an interesting thing to think about that I hadn't really I was thinking of it more of a stability standpoint, but uh from a like potential selling the app standpoint, uh it's it's really good to make sure your top of funnel is something that can transfer away from you as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. Are you doing any cross-promotion between your apps or is like very different categories, niches? Uh not really other than the fact that like my personal online presence sells both. Uh so, again, like this like one of my apps is ironically maybe even a competitor to uh Picasso. It's an app called Framus, but it's for adding adding frames like device frames around your screenshots, which I then use for making App Store screenshots and stuff. Um and promotional material. And those updates become a really big deal at iOS release time as well because everybody's updating their apps. Uh Interesting. So, both my apps are getting a boost right now, but for like different reasons. Uh Amazing. That's why you were so happy at the beginning of the webinar. Yeah, yeah, yeah. iOS iOS 26 day is a very exciting day and very stressful day for uh indie developers who who play the sort of Apple technology game. Uh definitely. Amazing. Happy for you. Uh I guess I have So, one more thing to share is like hot categories that buyers are Oh, yeah. And it's the three that I see like 90% of my apps buyer being interested is utilities. Like the most boring apps like PDF uh generator, QR codes. >> and barcode scanners. Yeah. Exactly. It's crazy that those are still popular today when it's built into the camera apps. Yeah. Yeah, for iPhones. If but they monetize like crazy. Yeah, interesting. Uh photo and video, too. With this one, like my personal take, my buyers are not saying this so this is more like a personal opinion, is that IG and just like TikTok with CapCut are getting better at everything that is edition. And of course, the iPhone itself like native tools for photos and videos. So, I don't know for how long it's going to last this like photo and video interest. Um And also the same with AI apps like AI images, AI videos. It's like people are getting really used to just do it directly with like OpenAI or or Google or like one of these big guys. So, I don't know what's going to happen with those apps. So, I will say like if you can shift to something that is not the big guys are not doing already, that will be better. Um and then health and fitness. Yeah, there was a question about um Oh, where did it go? Somebody asked what about the pet care niche? Uh are people interested in like niches in in health apps? This was uh Navid. Yeah, Navid. I think that that's super interesting. Uh so, any app where it's a niche with high LTV, like people are willing to pay a lot of money for for those things, I think it's a really good niche. And also the competition is like way lower than for example that AI workout app or AI companion. Like there are so many. But if you do like something related to pets, babies, skiing, fishing, these are niches where like people are really passionate about their pets. Of course, they they love their babies. Hopefully they do. Uh they love fishing. So, like they can spend a lot of money in these subscriptions and stay long time. So, yeah, those are really good niches. And I think >> there's more open keywords or something to go after uh for ASO. Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. And maybe even if you don't grow the app that much, it can be interesting because it can just be like a feature that other your company doesn't have yet. So, they just acquire you for the features that you have even if the app is not huge in terms of like users or or revenue. And that was the one where you were saying that the valuation there would probably be based on the the cost to rebuild it. Yeah. And then like so, if we talk about more like mergers and acquisitions like in the finance world, it can be like a financial acquisition or strategic. So, financial is when the buyer pays based on numbers and strategic is when they pay based on like the value that they are going to bring for the company. Um so, maybe like the pricing doesn't reflect that much in like the number of users or the number of revenue, uh but more about what they are going to achieve by adding like your tech or your audience into their existing offering. That makes sense. Uh I'm sure any other questions we we have left? >> Yeah, there is there's actually a couple different questions related to this, but I'll ask uh I don't I'm going to pronounce that wrong. I don't know how you do the S with the sign over but Eros? Uh they asked do you have any experience with buyers buying very young apps like 1 to 6 months, but having good organic revenue? Uh so there's a difference in organic revenue from the App Store um inorganic like revenue or traffic from social media. Social media usually you got to keep posting versus ASO that is like just recording from the App Store. So that's a that's a like a huge like difference and but then yeah we like there are buyers for everything honestly. There are buyers who is like maybe first acquisition or their studio is small so they are looking to make like smaller acquisitions and they usually are open to exploring like newer apps. And the presumably the like price would be lower in that case. But the idea from their perspective is they're buying something that's a little easier for them to ingest and then build on top of. Yeah, exactly. Maybe they they like change the branding, add some new features, improve a little bit like the UX UI and just launch the app. Yeah. Rich just asked and you kind of talked about this or touched on this earlier, but what's the perception on AI wrappers or AI powered apps? Are you seeing more sales on those or is the hype is the hype still real? Not really. I mean I I'm actually getting the opposite like buyers so usually the process is like I talk with them and I ask them like what are you looking for? And usually I get like maybe 60% of the buyers telling like I don't want AI wrappers. You can have AI, you can use AI but not as obvious as an AI wrapper like another plant identifier. Yes, right exactly. Yeah, that's interesting cuz I am I would imagine that the number of sellers is also increasing. So the buyers are decreasing and the sellers are increasing on the AI wrapper market. Exactly. I I think it's really fine if you want to read for yourself because you can monetize it well, you can just get a piece of the cake like the market is big for different like uh app concepts but it's it's not as interesting for selling. But it doesn't mean that you you should >> Nobody knows what the future really holds for these. And probably an AI wrapper app from a year ago that was compelling and sold a lot very quickly probably drops off whenever ChatGPT or one of the other players integrates it directly into their app. Yeah. Makes sense. Okay. Amazing. Let me see if I have something else we didn't share. Okay, this is like a hot take and and this is to like uh like motivation for developers that is that companies are buying many of the companies are buying because they can't build and learn by themselves. They become like big monsters, move super slow, employees are like not as motivated to like find new solutions or explore like AI development by coding and that stuff. So they buy because they can just cannot produce the same in-house. And I think that's a big motivation and also like I know that we have developers in Shep at home from all over the world and another interesting opportunity of selling is like first of course making like a large amount of money uh but secondly you can get like tons of offers for full-time jobs because the buyers want you to stay in the company. So for example one of my buyers they don't care about size. They can literally pay anything up to like 20 million dollars but they don't care about size. You can be making like 10K MRR and they still want to meet you because they are looking for talent and that's like one of the hardest things to find right now. So maybe like this app on Shep at home it can make you a millionaire, it can make you famous on Twitter, it can fly you to New York if you win, and it can also get you like a 9-to-5 job if they like like what you produce. Those connections can happen so I think you can also see it from their perspective of like working with a really good company. And something interesting is like these companies are really like the Disneyland for developers. So it's like come here, you're a good developer, you have ideas, you have vision, you have energy, we're going to give you budget for user acquisition, we're going to give you like experts in product and ASO and so on monetization for you to make even a better job, but like they are very interested in in people in talent. So I think that's a really good opportunity of Shep at home that you have all this exposure to companies. Yeah, that's an interesting point because I I do often think about I when I talk to people in real life about this kind of stuff, I'm always like build an app, it's fun, it's a good way to learn, but then like whenever you're in an interview, if you pull out an app and you can show like it's really hard when you're interviewing to parse out what is what was this person's actual contribution to the company that they worked at. But when you look at an app that somebody built on their own, it's like you can literally look and see exactly what what they're capable of doing. But I never thought about the idea of like companies are probably hunting around especially these agency type companies for people that are building apps uh as that is the perfect evidence. This person's going to fit into our culture because we are looking for people that can build and you can see exactly that they built something. Uh that's really interesting. Yeah, and I think with like how everything is changing right now, the only companies that are going to win are the ones that have like high agency and like founder mentality employees that they actually like put the jersey on and feel the business. And that yeah that's something that definitely the guys at and girls at Shep at home they they have it. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Cool, there's a couple more questions I could go through. I don't know if there was more you had. Um So some of these are kind of technical. So like this one is have you basically have you run into any issues with apps that were built under a personal account versus like a company account? Or has that not been a thing that's even come up for you as an issue? No. Usually you're going to transfer the app to their developer account so it doesn't make like a big difference. It doesn't matter if yours is a personal or a company one. Cool. >> Yeah, not really. That was from Mantis. Uh let's see. Um There was another one sort of related to this from Discord. Which man there's a lot of questions today. Thank you everybody. Um Where did it go? I added it from Discord. Well, here I'll just look at Discord itself. Uh so somebody was asking oh, they were just asking what if your app is a container within a parent LLC that has multiple apps. Which I think we kind of touched on this. Yeah, you're just going to sell the asset and you're going to sign these these agreement that is called like APA, the asset purchase agreement. Where is this? Here. So if your LLC contains like multiple apps, you're just going to sell one, but your LLC is still yours, their apps are still yours, the developer account is still yours. You just transfer like that single app. That one app. Yeah. Yeah. Uh oh, Rich has a fun one. I don't know if you you want to disclose this, but uh Rich asked what's the biggest sale you've ever seen from a solo dev? I guess this is seen. It doesn't have to be one of your clients. Uh I mean I'm going to go to my clients because it's just top of my mind, but but I see like two co-founders and like one or two virtual assistants or freelance developers selling for like 10 million. Woo. And these are apps like 3 years old so it's not like yeah, it's not like super old. That's wild. And that's that's uh is that usually whenever you get big valuations, is that usually these strategic type investments or is that when you look at their numbers, that is about two, three times their ARR? So for these cases, it's really all like LTV uh UA profitability. Like if you can from that you can run paid UA with high profitability and quick like payback period and also based on the subscriber retention, you can conduct like an analysis on like if you stop all marketing today how much money are you going to make the next 2 years by not doing anything just from subscriber retention and like from the organic acquisitions, the users that convert to subscribers, how long they are going to stay. You can run that calculation and like if the number is impressive, then you can like do a multiplier that is a median between like the last 12 months revenue or profit and the upcoming one that you're going to have so it increases like the number a lot and it makes sense like That's interesting cuz those feel like two almost separate or like competing concepts. There's one which is like if you just if you bought it and let it sit what is it's like half-life of money uh cash that it's going to spit out. And then the other one is if you've proven that you can scale up user acquisition, paid user acquisition then somebody who buys it with way more capital then they know that if I just pump money into the ad machine, I'll get way more money out. Like those are almost like two opposite sides of the coin, but both of them would make it a very appealing app to buy. Yeah, I think that they like promised revenue or like almost guaranteed revenue if you have like at least 3 years of business history and you can prove the subscriber retention. It feels a lot with like set like a floor like a base price because it's like this much we're going to make just by not doing anything. So at least you should pay like to to start cover talking about it. That's cool. Um let's see. I'll ask one more and then uh we are kind of at time. Uh this is not necessarily specifically about uh uh M&A, but it's just interesting to get your thoughts on it. They're asking what do you think the best niches are to scale an app from zero to 100K a month without a lot of ads? So I guess it's like what are good niches to go at for non-paid UA? I guess is maybe a different way to phrase that. Yeah. So I think apps where you can like uh find users that are really attached to what they do. So for example if it's AI workouts um and if you target like a specific niche that is already into workouts, so you just like kind of build a platform for them to express or like live what they are already living in in their current lives. So you become like this kind of companion, but it's very natural. So you're not trying to impose like a new habit building because that is hard. It's like do a bingo they made it that is like magic. They they made you like generate a new habit with the app. But that's like 1% of the App Store. So probably you're going to have higher chances to succeed if you just like are a plus one for the habit that the user already has. And then >> Right. It's already one of their like a like a fishing app that you mentioned earlier. It's like you're not it's not about helping somebody become somebody who's into fishing. It's more like they're already into fishing all the time. Uh yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's >> habits you will turn. But like if they are already fishing they are just going to use you every time they go out. I guess the pets the pets niche that was mentioned earlier pet care would kind of fall into that as well. Yeah, totally. Like pet walking up how much your pet is walking and how does affect the health of your pet whatever. You can see the evolution. But also because he was saying like without a lot of ads and for that ideally you will have a community on social media. So it's not only about making viral Tik Tok videos, but more about building community and this is like maybe uh the ratio between like Tik Tok and IG is different. So you put more effort into Instagram which is more like building community. And yeah, you also have some high videos viral videos on Tik Tok, but you also focus on the community aspect which is going to help with this like less ad heavy. Now based on what you were saying earlier though, wouldn't that wouldn't that make it a little bit less desirable for purchasers or for buyers because it's reliant on you maintaining that community then? But depending on on how easy is to maintain the community cuz like if you have a virtual assistant that knows how to create content um like there are many apps. One is Flamingo I think it's called that is like AI cards for couples. It's like I've done that side, so I'm not going to explain it into it. Their distribution is just like AI images with like different cards in different settings. And that's it. And they get tons of installs. So like that's very replicable and easy to maintain. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, uh thank you very much uh Evelyn for joining us and sharing all of that and also everybody for being super engaging lots of questions this time which I I really appreciate. Um next week or not next week, next webinar or live stream which is on Thursday is going to be with uh Stream. So uh Stefan Blo- Blo- is going to join uh from Stream and talk about adding video calling into your iOS app with uh with their SDK. So that'll be super interesting kind of similar to this in the sense that I personally don't have a lot of experience with it. So selfishly uh I'm very excited just to kind of kind of learn a lot. Uh so yeah, that's what we have to look forward to uh next time. Uh we're getting close to the end of the Ship-a-Thon, so uh it's very very exciting seeing everybody shipping apps and uh starting to kind of figure out some growth and figure out ways to to to um to build like a business now and not just have you know a hackathon project, but a real thing that's making them money afterwards which is super cool. So excited to see that uh continue. And uh yeah, Evelyn again thank you very very much for joining. This was super fun. Thank you Charlie. Super fun. Thank you everyone for being on the other side. All right. Talk to you all later. Bye.