It's not because we have one on Thursday and then one this time next week. But we are getting close to uh the final the final few live streams. Um but uh very excited about today's topic. I feel like this is something that uh has come up quite a few times actually especially in the last few weeks as people have moved away from um kind of ideation phase and building through to now shipping and kind of trying to grow their app. So, uh, today we're focusing on how to understand your data and how to run experiments and ultimately kind of how to how to leverage those things to to grow your app. And I'm very excited to say and pleased to say we have Dan with us who is our kind of resident expert on all of these things. We had a slight panic yesterday because Dan, we're just talking before this. Dan has just come back from paternity leave and we may have mixed up the dates that we we'd given to him for this and so we had a slight panic that he might not be able to do today's session but I'm very pleased to say he is here um with us live um so yeah Dan do you want to say hello to everyone tell everyone a little bit about what you do um and I was going to say tell us a fun fact but I hate when people say that because it's put on the spot don't feel the need to do that just yeah give us give us an intro >> no it's all good thanks Matt the timing worked out perfectly so it's uh it's all good Um yeah, so I'm Dan. Um I'm one of the product managers here at Revenue Gat. Um I've been here for a little over three years. Um have spent a ton of that time working on our data products, our experimentation products. Um lately, our pay walls and and things like that. Uh before that time, I spent seven years working at an app portfolio. Um we had kind of a small portfolio of of apps that we built and managed ourselves. We're trying to figure out how to grow that business, how to take kind of like the the nent subscription business that we have and and really expand it. um you know very nice problem to have one that I I think probably many of our our viewers are hoping to have. Um we got really lucky. We had one app that was kind of like a a breakout uh hit was large enough that we got acquired by a larger company. I I ran the product team there for a couple of years. Um and all the time through that process I was running into kind of like all of the different like data challenges and problems that you have with subscription apps. um how to measure things accurately, how to run experiments, how to, you know, not necessarily need to go through the app review process every time you're trying to make a change to a payw wall, uh all of those types of problems. Um so, I'm sure we'll end up covering some of that today. Um but, uh yeah, that's a little bit of my background. Um I don't know that I have that interesting of a fact. Maybe the the four-week old baby that I just saw walking around the block with my wife, that's that's my interesting fact is still in those days. >> That's that's pretty good. That's pretty good. What about um I asked this of someone uh I did a live stream a couple of weeks ago and I put them on the spot by asking them what the um what their like number one app right now is. What is the app that you're using the the most? Um and you're not allowed to say something like chatbt or Slack or something. It has to be has to be something a bit different. >> Uh it's a great answer. Can I actually like shout out a couple of them because I was just underneath here so I was spending too much time on my phone. >> Um there's a reading app called Margins that I started using. Uh, no no no disrespect to good readads, but I get kind of bored of good readads sometimes. Um, I found margins and the UI is amazing. So, I' I've been loving using that. It's just for like tracking what you're reading and getting stats and things like that. Um, the Apple fitness app I is a lame answer, but like it's got just enough of like stat tracking to make me feel good about like walking and things like that or it's like all right, this gives me like a little dopamine hit every day. Um, and then I started using Fantastical when I came back to work because I was like, "All right, let's let's make sure I'm I'm organized and ready to go." And and that's been pretty nice so far. >> Nice. Nice. All right. Good answer. Good answer. Um, all right. Great stuff. Well, Dan, thank you. Thank you for Yeah. Thank you for joining us. And, um, yeah, I think we we we say this at the top of all of our live streams, but um, really these sessions are for all of you. So, please please please make the most of of having Dan here. Um, ask as many questions um, as you want. Um, if you're listening on livetorm, pop it in the pop the questions in the chat. Um, or use the little questions feature. I'll make sure that Dan can can sort of see them as we go through. Um, if you're watching anywhere else, if you're on um watching on YouTube or X or LinkedIn, um, you can dive into the uh into the Discord and drop any questions in there and I'll keep an eye on on on the Discord channel um, as well. I can see a couple coming in actually already. So, um, yeah, please continue just to to use that and I'll make sure that we we cover all of them. Um, all right. So before we before we dive into the main topic, we'll just do the usual kind of round the round the world on on shipon and and what's been happening and um as usual a couple of shoutouts on the the building in public front. So um it's still amazing to see the number of of you that are building in public sharing um your progress, sharing your learnings, things that are going well, things that aren't going so well. And I've spotlighted a few here and given today's topic, I've actually picked out three that were talking specifically about um bits of data and and and things. So there are three um three I'd recommend going and having a closer look at. The first one I realize now the screenshots are very small on the slides so you can't see them that well but you can go go to X and take a look. Um the first one is uh Carlos who has been building an app called Bible now. Uh and if you go and um go through his timeline you'll see there he's he's shared a screenshot of of the new customers metric. But um going through his timeline is kind of a a fun journey of some of the things that they've been triing and testing um to to acquire some users to to their app that I think only launched maybe a couple of weeks ago or they shipped it a couple of weeks ago. Um and so uh one I would I would recommend having a look at. And then similarly, I think we've talked about Kamo before on one of the the previous live streams and the app that they're building. and it's a couple of guys based in in Colombia. But you'll see there, that's a screenshot of the the revenue cap dashboard for anyone that's that's not familiar with it with some of the the key metrics, but they've been playing around with uh their onboarding flow and when they they're presenting a payw wall option to a new user and it's had an impact on the number of paid trials or or or trials sorry that they're seeing and then conversion. Um, and so again, like just really interesting to kind of go through the timeline and see how what they're testing and the experiments ultimately that they're running um, is impacting the the the users they're able to acquire and then the conversion that they're seeing. So, um, definitely one worth having a look at. And then the one on the right hand side is Buna. Hopefully hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. Um, not not a huge amount to say about this one other than I just like I just loved that they posted this graphic. They they ship their app. They've got new customers um all over the world um as part of as part of Shipeton. Uh and again going through their timeline you can see some of the things that they've been testing with and some of the experiments they've been running to try and um grow the grow the number of users um downloading and starting trials with them. So couple of examples but would highly recommend searching through uh X and search for the Shipon and the building public hashtag just to to see uh see the progress that everybody is everybody is making. And then quick shout out for some of the uh in-person events that have happened since we did our last uh live stream. So on the uh I'll start on the right actually. So that is the uh the Flutter uh Chennai meetup that happened. I think it was over the weekend. Um they had a great turnout. Um so actually got a bunch of pictures, but I I chose to use the gy as as a as the example. But yeah, I think they had a had a great turnout. Um lots of people um working on projects that were maybe already already underway as part of Shipon. some people um starting from scratch and proving that even even with like a week and a half left, you can you can you can you can try and build something and ship it quickly. Um so yeah, big thanks and big shout out to the organizers of that meetup. Uh and then on the the left, this wasn't a a shipon um event per se. It was the is the NS NSA NS Spain? Is that right, Dan? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's what it's called. an Spain conference and we had a bunch of cats uh there uh as part of the event um including Miguel who's in in the middle of that picture. He's he's our co-founder and CTO and um I know that they had a conversations with lots of you uh that are taking part in Shiveton and building uh and um I know that they enjoy kind of seeing what what you're all up to. So um yeah, shout out to to those of you that connected with the team uh in Spain. And then we still have a couple of in-person events coming up. So uh today I think it is we have an event in Buenoses. It's our first Shipeton event inerson event that's happening in Argentina I think as part of this year's Shipon. I don't think there's been another inerson event so far uh there. So um if you're in Buenosire and you uh you want to take part then head over to our um head over to shipon.com. We have a river page with all of the details of all these events. You can you can register and sign up for that one. And then on Thursday, we have an event uh being hosted in Barcelona. Uh it's at uh the offices of Lead Tech um right on the beach. Really cool spot. We have uh some revenue cap folks attending that one. Um we have Vahhe there who uh presented on a live stream a few weeks ago. He's kind of a pay walls consultant and expert. And so some some really um interesting uh talks and sessions lined up for that one. So if you're in in Barcelona interested in attending um then that one is taking place on Thursday. And then final shout out from me is uh the the reason why the reason why I'm here and I'm presenting and it's not Charlie who is the the normal kind of captain of shipon is that he is currently um he's actually going through security I think right now he's at the airport he's on his way to Bangalore for um the swift uh barracks I think that's pronouncing that correctly um the swift conference there so he he's heading over I actually hadn't noticed the um the little shippy that's like sitting on his on his lap which is It's kind of cool. Uh so um again if you are if you're heading there if you have plans to be if if you're in Bangalore and you would like to connect with Charlie uh please do uh please do seek him out. You can meet the the captain of Shipon in in real life and um and yeah catch up with him. So uh all right that's enough from me I think Dan I will um stop sharing. Let me hit the right button. Make sure I don't end the live stream which I've done before. There we go. And uh I'll I'll hand over hand over to you. >> Yeah, totally. Uh so just a disclaimer here. I think there's a chance it's going to yell at me about screen sharing because I realized while you were talking it asked me for mic permission, so I just gave it. I didn't even bother trying to share my screen before. So let's see. It might ask me to jump out and and come back in here. Oh, no. I just hit allow. That's fine. Cool. >> Good. >> And then I hit share. Is that gonna just show up? >> Wow. Amazing. Look what they can do with computers these days. >> There you go. >> Cool. All right. Um, so first let me give maybe like a big disclaimer up front. Um, there there's a lot of different uh ways to think about like measuring the data of your app's performance. There are like many different parts of like the funnel from acquiring a customer down to monetizing them and retaining them. Um, today like we're very focused on the the revenue part of that. That's the metrics that that Revenue Cat uh contributes to most directly. That's what our experimentation tools are targeted with. Um, but there's like important steps before that as well. So, like before I I get into the revenue piece, I just want to kind of like explain how like if I had just shipped my app for the first time, like what I would be looking at first, even if it's outside of Revenue Cat. Um, I'm going to spend most of the time today in our chart section of the dashboard and then in experiments. Um, so I'm jumping into charts and I'm just going to kind of like walk through some of these things that I'd be uh paying attention to if it were me. um some of the questions I'd have and and what I'd be trying to do with this data. Um so first to to get at that point that I was just making that like there's a really important funnel before you're monetizing customers like how do I know whether I should be taking action on that. Um the best place to start in RevenueCat is with this new customers chart. Um we consider a customer to be any user right just anyone that's that has opened your app. Um and so this is kind of just telling you like all right how many new users are opening my app every day. Uh the reason why this is important is the y-axis, right? Uh let's let's say this is a an example app that that we have. It's a real app on the app store called called Dipsy. Um that I'll use for kind of showcasing their data and and some experiments that they're running. Um and so in this case, there's, you know, hundreds or or low singledigit thousands of new customers every day. That's plenty for us to then go say, all right, when that customer opens the app, what does their experience look like after that? And how do I optimize it? If I had an app where this number is in the dozens instead of the hundreds, then it's going to be easy to make like wrong conclusions from the rest of the data after this, right? Like if you have dozens of new customers every day, you'll have a conversion rate, but it's going to look like this, right? Like every day it's going to be like wildly different just because the y-axis or the the, you know, the denominator in that calculation is is so small. Um, you could certainly still look at that on a weekly and monthly basis and you'll be able to pick up on trends, but then you have to wait weeks and months in order to do that, right? Like it's not necessarily like the fastest way to actually like optimize your app's performance. So, all that to say, like if on day one you're looking at this and you're saying like, "Cool, I've got like some customers coming through the door, but not many, don't even worry about revenue optimization right now." like your your main problem, the main like lever that you have to pull is just getting your app in front of more people to convince them to download it. Um there are all sorts of marketing tips and strategies that are that are worth considering to do that. Uh Matt and I I think are probably the wrong audience to talk about that. Like that's not what we're going to get into today. But like all that to say, if that's what your chart looks like is still trying to grow that new customer count, focus on your marketing, get people in the door, and then come back to this, you know, recording later to to figure out how to optimize your revenue. Um, so from there then, um, what I would be looking at first if I had an app on the app store and I'm trying to figure out how to optimize it is conversion rates. I'm going to spend most of the time today talking about conversion rates and LTV. So you can just kind of keep those two like terms in your mind as like the things to pay attention to. Um so first in revenue I would start with the initial conversion chart. Um so basically what this is measuring so we just saw we were looking at a count of new customers. This chart is taking that count of new customers and the count of those customers that convert to anything and turning that into a conversion rate. Um, when I say convert to anything, that means they might have started a trial. They might have made a direct payment. Maybe you're not even offering subscriptions and it's onetime purchases, but like any transaction that they have, we're going to count in this initial conversion chart. Um, so this is basically like your first window into whether the customers that are coming into your app are choosing to make some kind of a purchase. Excuse me. Um there's one very important um piece that I would pay attention to if you're analyzing your app, which is this conversion time frame. So basically what that means is uh if you just imagine you're looking at yesterday's performance, right? Let's actually do this and say all right, yesterday was September 22nd and so far there were 293 conversions. If I compare that back to like August 22nd, there's a good chance that August 22nd is going to have a higher conversion rate than September 22nd did because the customers that downloaded on August 22nd have had a whole month to play with the app and potentially convert. It's a much longer time frame. Um, the customers that installed yesterday have only had one day and so it's not really an applesto apples comparison. The way you make it an apples to apples comparison is with conversion time frames. So, like if we drop that down to a customer's first seen day, meaning what portion of customers made a purchase within 24 hours, now I've got an apples to apples comparison of yesterday versus every prior day. And I can understand whether more people are converting on day zero than they did in the past, right? Like what's the trend of my conversion rate? Um, so if it were me, I would definitely start there. Um, and then I what I'd be doing after that is saying, "All right, I've got my conversion rate. Now, how do I understand what's driving it?" and and frequently that's going to be by segmenting the data in some way. Um like for example a very common first segmentation would be by platform. You'd say all right um most of my customers are coming from iOS and Android. Let me just focus on those and see what the trend looks like on iOS and Android. In this case I would consider that like relatively stable for both right like Android is down a little bit in the last few days but that's kind of a normal historical pattern based on this data. like neither of those jump out to me as like something has changed that I have to go monitor or or see what's wrong. Um which also then means the flip side might be true like all right iOS and Android are both relatively stable. Maybe there's an opportunity for me to optimize that to like run an experiment to increase conversion rate or or do something else because not a lot is changing here with this metric. It's not a growth driver right now. It's it's just stable. Um, I do also want to um show one of our other conversion rate charts just because trials and the trial funnel is is such an important part of this early process of monetizing customers. Um, and what's unique about trials is that like it it's important to measure how many people are starting a trial, of course, but like by definition that that's not actually the thing that you want to optimize for. What you're trying to optimize for is customers paying you, right? the trial is a is a mechanism to give them a chance to try out the app and be persuaded by it and then stick around and pay. Um, and so that's now really that funnel view that we need, right? We need to go from like customer got into the app, they chose to start the trial, and then they, you know, didn't choose to leave or or chose to pay, however you want to frame that. Um, and so the trial conversion chart is what you'd want to use for that. Um, in this case, I'll just switch this to a weekly view for a second. Um, and you can kind of just see in the in the table what exactly that looks like, right? you can say we'll just focus on the the current week. So far, we've had 1,700 customers uh that are brand new to the app. 400 of those have started a trial. None of them have had the opportunity to convert yet. I believe the Dipsy, the app that I'm looking at, runs both seven and 14-day trials. So, like they're all still in their trial right now. Um that's why it's marking them as either pending or abandoned. Pending means that they uh are still set to renew but haven't had the opportunity to yet, so it's waiting until the end of their trial. abandoned means they've already canceled their trial. They might still, of course, turn their auto renewal back on, in which case they'll move over to pending. So, it's not like totally done deal. They're definitely not coming back. Um, but a super common behavior that we see is that once a customer cancels a trial, unless you do something to intercept that behavior, there's a really good chance they're going to stay canceled through the end of that trial. Um, and so then this would be like a really important place to pay attention to and understand like all right, first how successful am I in getting customers to take this first action of starting a trial, but then after that how is that influencing their likelihood to convert? Um, so I just if I switch this from an absolute view to a relative view, so meaning now I want to see the the conversion rates instead of the absolute numbers. One, I can look at the start rate over time and just see how that's changing or fluctuating. And for the most part, that looks pretty stable. Um the conversion rate over here though is is actually somewhat volatile, right? Like there are weeks where that's 27%, weeks where that's 20%. Um that's a pretty dramatic difference in the number of paying customers that you're going to get at the end of that. Now again, like it it's important to not like read in too much to any individual data points on sample sizes. It's going to be easy to like overindex on that. Um, oh, looks like did my mic just drop out? >> Yeah. Yeah, but I just went you sounded you sounded like an AI for about five seconds and then you you came back. You're good. >> I was I was busy praising technology before, but the downside is if I just touch this microphone at all, it will disconnect for a second. So, nothing's perfect, I guess. Um, but anyway, all that to say like uh in the case of of offering trials, you got to be paying close attention to both of those rates. one to understand whether changes that you're making are having the end effect that you desire. Right? If you increase the trial start rate but decrease the conversion rate, that might not actually net out to more paying customers, which is actually the thing that you're aiming for. Um or vice versa, right? Like you might uh try something that increases your price, probably lowers the trial start rate, but maybe there's a negligible impact to paying customers and they're paying you more, so it's a net benefit. Um that's a tricky calculation to do. like it's kind of hard to keep all those numbers in your in your head at at one time. Um I'll I'll show in a couple of minutes how our experimentation tool can can help with that and kind of like give you a a single answer to the question instead of uh having to focus on all these different things. But that's what I would be thinking about um if uh I was focused on conversion rates for my app. Um let me pause there. I want to uh show off some uh some other things that are worth paying attention to. Um, but just in case. Any any questions on this so far? >> Um, no, I don't think so, D. We got some we got some questions more geared towards experiments, so I'll I'll hold those for when we get to to that bit. But, um, yeah, I think we're good on this bit. >> Cool. That sounds good. In that case, let's just spend a couple minutes talking about uh kind of revenue and and LTV. On the other side of this, uh, conversion rates are are obviously important, right? There's there's no way to make money with your app unless someone is converting to something. You got to put an offer in front of them and they have to say yes. Uh and so we need to to monitor our conversion rates to know whether anyone is saying yes. But the value of them saying yes depends entirely on what you're offering them, right? Like what are the durations that they're offered? What are the prices? What's the mix of products? Is it just subscriptions? Is it onetime purchases? Um like that's that's where all of the value is to to your business is what they're subscribing to. Um so I just want to talk through a couple of charts that'll help you start answering those questions. Um the first one to focus on is is just the revenue charge, right? Um and this is on the high level answering a very simple question which is just how much money did my app make today versus yesterday or versus whatever other historical period you're looking at. Um and that that's going to include a mix of things then right this is the revenue you're making from new subscriptions from trials that convert on that day from renewals. And so the the data point on one individual day is not necessarily telling you just one thing, but certainly over time what you're hoping it does is illustrate a trend, right? That as your subscription base grows, more renewals come in, your revenue is growing over time. If your volume of new customers is growing, same thing. Hopefully that's that's growing this over time. Um, and you can actually start to just explicitly answer some of those questions in here. Um, so for example, in the revenue chart, we have this transaction type segment that you could use to split between the amount of revenue that's coming from brand new transactions versus renewals. Um, so you could focus on one or the other. In this case, we'd probably want to focus on the new transactions and say, "All right, like is the revenue that I'm making from these new customers actually growing uh over time?" Um, from there, you might even then filter or segment that by the product that they're purchasing or their product duration. Um, I'll actually do this with a different chart uh in a second, but the important piece here is that like this is just like kind of the first simple answer to the question of like is my business growing or not? Right? Like all these different changes that I'm doing, the stuff that I'm shipping, is it resulting in more revenue over time? Um, the chart on its own will give you a simple answer to that question. You can dig into it a little bit more to figure out where the revenue is coming from. But then almost certainly after that, you'll have like an hopefully an optimization question on the other side of that. Right? my revenue is X today. How do I get it to be X plus 10% plus 20% whatever the the goal is that you have in your mind? Um and that's when frequently we would stop talking about revenue and start talking about lifetime value. Um for anyone that's not familiar with that concept. It's it's not specific to to apps necessarily to you know almost anything that uh that you're selling. Uh if your customer is a repeat customer of any time, the lifetime the concept of lifetime value is really useful because it tells you like all right besides this just the initial purchase that my customer is making, what's the revenue that they're going to generate for me over time? Maybe that's from a set of one-time purchases that they'll make sporadically and we have to kind of like analyze our data and figure out how frequently they're doing that. In the case of subscriptions, it's much more predictable, right? We know that a monthly subscriber, if they don't cancel, is going to pay me x every month for whatever period of time. Um, and we can then look at that on a cohorted basis and understand, all right, the customers that uh I acquired in September, what's their lifetime value versus the customers that I acquired in August or July or or whatever other period we're we're looking against. Um, and so the chart that I would uh focus on if uh this was me is the cohort explorer. Um, basically what the cohort explorer does is it just lets you look at a set of new customers and measure a couple of different things about them and see that broken out over time. So like as this cohort matures, how does their revenue grow? How does their lifetime value grow? Um, so let's just look at uh lifetime value for a second. And basically what this chart is then saying is let's uh we'll go to one of these more more mature cohorts here. May uh 25, this chart is saying I had 30,000 new customers start using this app in May. Um in month zero, they generated $2.37 per customer, but then over time, here's how that grew, right? As of month one, that was 345 per customer. 360, 371. There's a a slow increment over time. Um, and the reason why, again, let's let's imagine this is a a subscription app is you've got some customers who are initially purchasing maybe a yearly subscription. So, they're paying once, they're not adding more revenue over those couple of months. You know, their lifetime value is is set for this this short period of time that we're looking at. Maybe they're signing up for a monthly subscription and then those that stay are renewing each month. And so, that cohort's lifetime value is increasing because of that. Maybe they're making one-time purchases or using weekly subscriptions or something along those lines. Um, and so those are all reasons why this LTV might grow over time. Um, and if I wanted to figure out like I could go from here and say, "All right, my my LTV per customer is, you know, roughly $3.90 in in month two for this cohort or even if I look further down to month six and say, all right, I've got in the range of $5, $4 for some of the the more recent months. How do I grow that?" Right? because ultimately this is the thing that's that's driving your revenue is the the LTV that you're making per customer. Um it's a function of how many of them convert and how much they pay you. So every experiment that you run, every optimization that you make is hopefully going to in increase LTV over time. Um and that's how you see then the overall revenue increase that that you're hoping to. Um, so first thing that like I would do if this was me saying, "All right, let me let me figure out what's driving my my LTV, um, is I'd probably start to look at like what's the LTV of different types of products?" So maybe one thing you could test and you can optimize on your payw wall is should I be pushing a monthly plan or a weekly plan or a yearly plan? Um, those are very simple changes to make and the the mix of those things could dramatically impact your your LTB. Um, so just to illustrate that, if we looked at uh a cohort of now new paying customers and just said, "All right, um, you know, in uh we'll just look at these like kind of couple of months here, we've got roughly 3,000 new paying customers each month. By month six, they're paying between $45 to $50 on on average. Um, if we just look at that for different product durations, all right, let's let's first look at yearly subscribers. Um the customers that first selected yearly uh by month six have yeah that's about what the average uh LTV was a little bit higher right $ 53 $54 uh a few lower than $50 in some cases so by month six we're somewhere in that in that $50 range maybe a little bit higher um if I switch and instead look at the customers that are selecting monthly um by month six that figure is not nearly as high right by month six they're actually only paying 27 28 $29. Um, so that's a pretty significant LTV gap between the customers that chose yearly at first versus the customers that chose monthly at first. Um, which means like the kind of like growth part of your brain should be like lighting up here that like that's an optimization opportunity, right? Like I can uh I can try to persuade more customers to take the yearly option um either by changing its nature, right? Like adding a trial to it, changing its price, whatever the case may be. Um, maybe just purely with the design of the payw wall, right? like highlighting the value of the discount that you're offering on the yearly plan. Um, but now I've got kind of like a a goal that I can focus on. It's getting more customers on the annual plan than monthly because their LTV is higher. So, how do I incentivize that? Um, and just even to to kind of like drill that point home. Another way you could like validate the opportunity here is just to look at your mix of subscriptions that are coming in. Right? So, we've got this new paid subscriptions chart. This is telling me, you know, who's uh how many new paid subscriptions am I generating on a daily or monthly basis, whatever time period you're looking at. I can then go segment that by product duration. After doing that, what I would do is switch to 100% stacked view. And now I can just see like what's the mix of different durations in my app. Um, and you can see pretty consistently like yearly is getting 65 to 70% of the new paid subscription. Something in that range and monthly it looks like is yeah 20 to 26 maybe uh depending on the on the period you're looking at. Um, so that's a solid chunk that are still selecting monthly, right? It's good that yearly's predominant because yearly's got a higher LTV. Um, but that's a big chunk of users who could we could potentially convince to to sign up for the yearly planned. Um, I'll I'll pause there. At this point, I I' I'd transition over to like kind of the experimentation area of the product and and show kind of like what you would do with this on the other side of that. Um, Matt, are there any questions I should I should answer before I do that? >> I don't think so. I think one one question we've had from from Discord, it's it's kind of more just related to like using this feature in Revenue Cat. And I mean, you're you're very familiar with the with with the the charts feature. I mean, you make it look very simple pulling all these different um charts together and and and the and filtering for for somebody that's new to this, like you could see why maybe it would be a little bit overwhelming or maybe not overwhelming, but maybe hard to know how to um manipulate the data to then get the insight that you're looking for. like beyond watching this live stream and taking the tips that you're providing, like any any any other tips on like where to go to to be able to figure out, you know, the the data that you should be looking at, how you should be chopping it and and analyzing it to give you that insight that you can then use to to experiment and make changes. >> Yeah. Yeah. Totally. It's a it's a great question. Um, let me let me give three three small answers. I I suspect the real answer on the other side of this, there's probably a piece of content that we've written that answers some of that. I don't know it off the top of my head, but like if you search through our blog, I bet we've got kind of like a a how-to in there of like, hey, here's the, you know, five or 10 charts that that you should focus on. Um, what I would say for the time being though, so first in in the charts section of the dashboard, you'll kind of see that everything's grouped into categories. Um, most of what I just spent my time on is in the conversion funnel and the cohorts and LTV section. So, if you just want to kind of like narrow your focus at first, just say, "All right, like I'm going to live in those two categories and I'm just going to make sure I understand these charts, um, how customers are converting and the and the LTV that they're generating." Um, and then the second part of that answer is that especially this segmentation feature like should be your your best friend. Um, because segmentation is what allows us to then understand where changes are coming from. You you could use filters to get at the same idea, but it's not uh as as obvious as as segmented data is because segmented data lets you look at two different demographics very very quickly, right? Like in this case, different product durations for uh for new paid subscriptions. Um so I would get to know the available segments really really well. Think about your business and like the the dimensions that you expect are impactful and then look at that data to see if like it's true or not. But like coming to it with a little bit of a hypothesis is is really helpful. Um, and then the last piece just to like make it easier to find this stuff later is to definitely use the save charts feature. Um, so like you can any permutation of a chart that you're looking at, you can click on save chart and give it a name. So let's just say this is new paid subs by product duration. And I'm looking at the 100% stacked uh type. So now I can save that. And then I've got my new section at the at the top for save charts. So, if I leave and was doing something else, like looking at the revenue chart, and I wanted to come back to that saved view, I just click on it and I've got exactly the same setup that I did before. Um, that last one is probably the best way to make it feel less overwhelming is just to get used to like, all right, here's like my two or three things that I know I'm interested in. Let me just save that, focus on that, make it a habit to look at them every day, and then kind of go from there. >> Yeah. No, I think that's that's great advice. And you were right. We did um as soon as you said it, I remembered the that Charlie did like a series of videos. I don't think he covers like every single chart, but he talked through the most sort of common uh or the most popular, however you want to look at it. Um including the the cohort explorer you were showing off that's on our YouTube uh page. I'll share a link to one of them. So there's actually there's a few videos there that help talk through talk through some of it. Um and then Dan, a link a linked kind of question that's just come in. I don't know if you can see this on your screen, but I think this might also might be a good uh segue to experiments, but I think what the we're getting at here is like yeah, can do you just go basically go and look at the the charts and the data and then decide what to tweak or is there somewhere where you can go and then experiment and then understand what you should be changing? >> Yeah, it's a great question. Um, so first there ish I'm blanking on the name of the tool. Uh, maybe maybe Matt you can help me after I answer this. Um, but there's a I want to say it's like a subscription growth uh calculator or something like that. Um, that that a partner of ours worked on that I think we published on our on our site as well that's intended to to do part of this, right? Which is like, let me just put in my couple of different like metrics that matter here, right? Like my initial conversion rate, conversion to paid, LTV. I don't actually recall exactly which metrics it includes. Um, but then like spit out on the other side of that where where do each of those like land? Like is those are those good metrics? Are those poor metrics? Like which one should I focus on? The one big like caveat that I'll give to that I think it's there's zero harm in like doing that initial analysis, right? And just kind of seeing where you stack up. Um, there's a lot of nuance in it though, right? Let's just even talk about like app categories for a second, right? like uh the category that you fall into in the app store, uh you would expect a dramatically different conversion rate based on some of those different categories, right? Um there are there are weather apps, for example, that are like extremely optimized, have a fairly standard price range, right? Like the $25 to $50 a year is like very common for for weather apps. So, I suspect the average user of those probably has a built-in expectation of what like a normal price would be. the fact that they might have to pay and so like your likelihood to get a conversion on the other side of that I suspect is a little bit higher. I don't have a weather app so I'm just I'm um you know ballparking here but like that would be my expectation versus a very different kind of app where either it's more expensive uh maybe the uh the market is not as well known. Maybe the customers you're marketing to are just very different and don't necessarily have the same set of expectations. That's going to dramatically change your your funnel metrics on on the other side of that. Um, so all that to say, I don't think there's a lot of harm in kind of like trying to do like the the benchmark approach to this and saying like, "All right, where do I stack up and where are there like holes in my funnel?" Um, but I I think uh thinking about it for your specific app and where the opportunities are is uh almost certainly going to have more more bang for your buck. Um, and and some of that is just like I don't want to call it like uh a simple math, but like very approachable math. Like for example, let's just let's go back to conversion rates for a second. Um say all right, I've got my uh conversion rate chart here. Let's actually just go back to the zero days version that we were looking at. Um my initial conversion rate is in the range of 25 to 30% on a on a daily basis. Let's just call it 30%. Um, all right. If I if I decided that was a or I guessed that that's a thing that I could optimize in my app, uh, then I can say, all right, I if I increase that to 33%, right, a 10% increase, uh, what would that yield in LTV? On the other side of this, if I assume that people convert from the trial to pay exactly the same rate, I'm charging them exactly the same. It's a 10% increase to LTV. Cool. I can see what that that output looks like on the other side of that. And the the bet that I'm making is that I can go from 30 to 33%. What I would say on the other side of that is like 30% is a pretty high number, right? Like getting going from 30 to 33 like to get a 10% lift that's a lot of people that you're talking about, right? Whereas if this initial conversion rate is 5%. To get a 10% lift is going from 5% to 5.5%. It's a much smaller number to move. And so like thinking through it in that way can kind of give you a sense of like where are the points in the funnel that are weakest right now where I have the most leverage to optimize, right? Sometimes that's going to be because of the nature of the app. Again, if you sell a very expensive app, your initial conversion rate is going to be low. That's a cost of doing business. That's okay. Like that you can make very successful apps doing that. Um but that that's how I'd be like thinking through like where are the highest leverage opportunities that I have. Awesome. Okay, great. Yeah, I think that's um that's probably everything on on this part. We can probably jump to uh Yeah. Was it experiments you were going to jump into next? >> Yeah. Yeah, let's do it. Um so, just to actually kind of like keep on this uh theme that we were talking about before that like uh in this case, the the app is primarily selling monthly and yearly subscriptions. Yearly subscriptions have a much higher LTV. I think there's an opportunity to to optimize that. Like, how do I now go try to do that? Right? everything in the chart section. Like hopefully you're like learning things about your app through the chart section, but it's not going to let you take action. You're you're learning about your app here. You're analyzing. Experiments is where you can now like take action and try to do something about it. Um so everything that I'm going to talk about is in the context of of Revenue Cat uh experiments. You know, you could slot in some other AB testing tool and a lot of the same like principles will apply. Um but the the tactics of how to do it, I'll I'll focus on Revenue Cat. Um, so in RevenueCat, uh, if you set up your app through us, your offerings are hopefully being controlled by what we call a default or current offering. Uh, meaning for an individual customer, you ask us what offering to serve, we return the default back to you. What you can also do instead though is run an experiment where that default will change based on what group the customer falls into. So variant A, variant B, C, or D. Um, you can then target those to different demographics if you wanted to. We won't worry about that for today. We'll kind of just stick with the base case of like got my customers, they're getting X today. I want to see what the impact is of showing them some other payw wall. Um, so if you go just in the dashboard to create an experiment, um, call this price test two because I had price test over there already. Um, I can then decide the experiment type that I want to run. Um, so in this case, uh, price point is is close enough. Actually, you know what? let's call it uh subscription ordering because I think what would make sense for optimizing this yearly mix that I'm talking about is I actually just want to like uh prioritize the the yearly plan over some other options. I want to make it clearer in the app. What we'll do on the other side of that is tell you what we think the primary metric should be for analyzing the results and some secondary metrics. Um you can change that if you want to. You could pick any of the metrics that we offer, but we'll kind of tell you what we think makes makes the most sense for the type of experiment that you're running. You can add your notes if you want to. I'll I'll show that off in a minute. Um, and then you just pick your variants. So your variants are other offerings that you've made. Um, and so if you're running your payw wall through Revenue Cat, you could just go through the dashboard and set up your pay wall to prioritize yearly in a different way. Um, that's also kind of beyond the scope of this live stream today. You can find lots of content about uh how to do that. Um, but at the end of that, those are just now offerings that you have with different payw wall designs. Um, so you can pick one for variant A, one for variant B, and go create your experiment. Um, this is just kind of like the main results page. And then I would just press start. And now my customers are going to start getting a different offering on the other side of that. Um, I want to actually show what this would look like with real data, though. Um so again I'm going to jump back to uh Dipsy uh which happens to be running an experiment that that uh has this this goal that we've been talking about right of like just changing what the mix is of of customers selecting the yearly plan. Um so this particular experiment is running to 50% of customers using their app store Android apps and in the United States. Um and it's got three variants. So, we've got variant A, uh, where customers get the standard annual price of $69.99. Variant B where they get 50% off of that, but no other changes, right? Like pay wall is exactly the same. You just see a different price. That's that's 50% lower. Um, variant C offers that 50% lower price, but then also has some additional marketing as well to basically like call out the fact that it's a 50% discount. Um, and so what they're testing is to just figure out like which of those performs best. Now our hypothesis is that if we drive more customers to yearly then that's going to increase our LTV but it's more complicated than that because by lowering the price that also means that the LTV of the customer on the other side of that is different. So like we have to look at the the full impact of the test to understand whether the variant won or not. Um so what we'll do in in RevenueCat is like there's this first tab that's a summary of your results. This is going to focus on whatever the primary and secondary metrics are that uh are targeted for that test. And so in this case the primary metric is realized LTV per customer. Uh that same thing that we were looking at in the in the cohort explorer before. Um and what you can see here is that like initially variant A was significantly outperforming the others which kind of makes sense. Variant A is the highest price. B and C are are lower prices. Over time that has closed a little bit. Um variant B and C are are performing similarly to A. We'll see why in a second. Um but as of right now variant A is still winning. It's got the highest uh LTV per customer. Um so the first variant is 13% lower. The second one is 16% lower on LTV per customer. That's capturing two things. That's capturing the conversion rate of those customers to payers and then the LTV generated by those payers on the other side of that. And so to understand actually what's driving this this result, we have to look at those specific metrics. Um, so if we look at conversion to paying, what we can see is that like, yeah, the lower price actually does increase conversion to paying, which makes sense, right? We offered a 50% discount, getting more customers to subscribe for the to that, even if we do nothing. When we market that specifically on the payw wall, there's even more of an impact. It's a 17% increase in conversion to paying. That's awesome. But we can also just look at that number and say, "All right, I dropped the price by 50%. My conversion to paying is up by 17%. that is almost certainly not enough to to make up the gap and and that's exactly what we see. Uh realize LTV per paying customer uh is or sorry per paying customer. That's the emphasis here because these are customers that already uh converted. Now once they convert what's their LTV uh as a payer and it's 20% lower in the first uh variant, 28% lower in the in the last variant. Um we'll see. I want to answer a bunch of questions. So maybe we'll dive in uh more to the results in a in a second here. Um because there there's a lot of questions that you should have at that point, right, of like, all right, uh why is that different between the the two variants? Is it about the products that they're selecting? Um is it their likelihood to retain? Has that changed? Like there's a lot of different ways you could split it from here. Um but it's looking at this kind of overall view that gives you a sense of like, all right, what's actually happening with this experiment and is it having the result that I expected it to? Um let me let me pause there. Uh Matt, what what questions can I start to answer? Yeah, a couple couple of quick ones. I think um you sort of went over this I think as we were setting you're showing like how to set up an experiment, but um how do you just make sure that uh when you're when you're creating an experiment, you want to target like a subset of users? Like here, I think we were targeting users just in the US um and it's maybe 50% of new customers. But yeah, maybe you could just quickly show how to how to set that up. >> Yeah, totally. So when you create a new experiment um in this enrollment criteria section this is where you can pick either the the audience that you want to limit it by um so for example by country or or app version or platform um but then you can also be on that let's just keep it at any audience actually you can limit it by percentage as well and say all right I only want to serve this to customers in the US but I also want it to only be 20% of those customers for example to to limit risk at first uh anything you add to the enrollment criteria that's sticky for the whole test. Like you don't want to change the demographics of the test halfway through it. It pollutes the results. The audience percentage though you can change at any time. So you could start at 20% and say, "All right, I think this is going well. Let me increment that up." Or vice versa. Maybe you're do too bullish, it's not going that great. You can lower that down and still keep the experiment running. To that point, Dan, is there any is there any best practice? What would you say most uh what's the most common approach there? Would you start with enrolling like a smaller percentage of users and then to your point if it feels like it's going in the right direction you increase it over time? >> Yeah, this is exactly what we did at the the prior company that I I worked at. Um especially if the test was a little bit risky. Say it's just like the design of your your payw wall. You're probably pretty safe exposing that to a lot of customers because the conversion rate impact is going to be marginal one way or the other. It's not going to change your business. um price test though, which can be very volatile, like I'd be starting that at like 10 or 20% looking for some positive signs and then going from there. >> Yeah. Okay, cool. Um this one might be a bit tricky to answer. Uh but how long do you like how long would you recommend running an experiment before deciding whether the results are significant? >> Yeah, it's a great question. Um let me just show. So in our um experiment results, we do have this chance to win um metric that will basically I think it's actually in the results summary section. Yeah, you can kind of see it on the uh conversion to paying um where basically what we're showcasing here is that um on this particular metric of conversion to paying, there's an 81% chance that that this variant is is going to win. Um, and so what what that's basically doing, it's it's very similar to a statistical significance calculation where we're looking at the the volume of of customers coming in, the conversion rate difference across those variance, and kind of giving you a rough sense of like if you stopped right now, how likely is it that this is going to win? Um, the huge caveat on like honestly all statistical significance calculations is that like they uh rely heavily on the sample size that you're putting in, right? And so like if you put in a small sample size, it will still output like a confidence value that that might not actually like reflect uh a ton of confidence. Um so the way I'd answer this again like putting on like my app developer hat, like this is my app. How would I make the decision? Um the first thing I'd be looking at is just whether the results that I'm seeing have changed very much over time, right? Like let's go back to this chart. uh this roughly steady performance between the three variants has been pretty consistent now for like almost a week. Um I'd be I'd be monitoring that and saying all right if that's if we're seeing a very close result for a long period of time it's a good indicator that like I'm I'm don't have a lot of volatility in the data anymore and so you know few very different days aren't going to dramatically change the results. Um and then secondly I'd be looking at something like this like the chance to win metric or even doing your own like statistical significance calculation. There's like tons of calculators that'll let you do that. Um, caveat, sorry, one more caveat I should say on that. Uh, with LTV in particular, it's it's more complicated than that, right? Statistical significance calculation can tell you for a conversion rate, how likely is it for uh, you know, this conversion rate to be higher than another um, over time. Um, LTV is a more complicated calculation because it relies on the price of the thing that they're purchasing, their likelihood to renew. Um, that that's much much harder. Um, Revenue Cat, we do offer um, LTV predictions right now and charts. We don't have that in our experiments yet again for this reason that like it's it's it's hard to get right and it's important calculation to get right. Um, and so if you're focused on on LTV, I' i'd especially then stick with the first part of my of my answer, which is like look at how the LTV is trending, see if it's consistent, see if that roughly maps to like your app's performance outside of this experiment. And and that would be building up your confidence that what you're seeing is real and not, you know, an illusion. And I think you you kind of hit on it when you were answering that question, but this I guess I guess we're everything you're talking about is kind of best practice for designing experiments. But when you're dealing with a small user base, which you know majority of people taking part in shipon, even if they shipped at the the start of August when we when we began, they're probably dealing with a relatively small like a smaller user base. >> Totally. >> Yeah. tips for tips or or kind of things to um be aware of when it's you know you're running experiments and interpreting data with with a small user base. >> Yeah, it's a great question. I'm gonna I'm going to speedrun this answer and it probably deserves its own 20 minutes. Um first, uh what I mentioned up top, if if your number of new customers coming into the app is relatively small, there's just only so much like juice to squeeze out of optimizing the funnel after that. And you your time is probably much better spent thinking about like experimentation before the app, whether it's an AB test or not, right? Like starting a Facebook campaign is it's not an AB test, but it's a growth experiment to figure out if it can help you grow your business and you can, you know, make more money on the other side of that. Um, so don't discount the the pre-app work that you could possibly do. I think that's like a huge first category uh to spend time on. The the second is to maybe not even think about these as AB tests because for an AB test you need to compare two variants, have two user bases. Um those both need to be large enough to see the trends over time. That might be really hard to do quickly with a small user base. And instead what you should be looking for is like big swings, right? Like say say your conversion rate is, you know, sub 5% fairly small user base right now, but you think your price is low enough that you could get the conversion rate to be much higher. Don't even worry about AB tests. Just like start pumping out changes to your pay walls and like wait for the day where your conversion rate hits eight or nine or 10%. And then when it does, then it's like, all right, now I've got enough people here that I can run an AB test. I can I can, you know, look at that with a little more granularity and see what's working here, but you need like an inflection change to have impact. And and AB tests are probably not even worth your time. At last, just to answer the actual question uh that this customer had, the types of things I'd be thinking about doing are one, optimizing the location of the payw wall. Uh is it is it happening early enough in the app's you know, onboarding or or life cycle that the vast majority of your new customers are seeing it. That's a really important first step. Um, the second is to make sure that whatever the the hook is for your payw wall, whether that's a trial offer, whether that's a discount on yearly, maybe it's just pitching the benefits of it, whatever that thing is, you should be able to squint at the payw wall and see it, right? Like the user that's not paying a lot of attention, that's maybe not very excited about the idea of paying you, like it should be impossible to miss what the incentive is for for them to do that. Um, and then third, if you've, you know, got some users that opened your app, saw the payw wall, said no, but they're still using it, um, try offering them other things elsewhere in the in the life cycle. Don't think about it as just like, I need to pop the same payw wall over and over again and see if I can convince them. Like, the first one didn't work, so try something else. Try a different price. Try a different offer, different marketing pitch. Um, there's there's a lot of value in and just changing up that messaging to try to appeal to that that customer that said no the first time. >> Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, I think the the only other thing I would add to that is is what I was some of those projects I was calling out at the start, the people that are sharing that are building in public and and sharing their progress that they're doing exactly what Dan is is describing. They're they're making significant kind of changes to the pay wall or the position like where the payw wall is appearing um to users in the app and then seeing what impact that has on on on the core metrics and then just you know if it's positive sticking with it. If it's negative ch trying something else. So you can get some good inspiration and see how um other people that are just launching apps, have a small user base are experimenting. So um would recommend um having a look through some of those examples as well. >> Yeah. >> Um cool. All right. Um I don't know that I have a a ton else to go through here. Um I'll I'll just call out the fact that like um in uh our experiments u I focused on just a couple of of metrics here. again, the ones that are like kind of the primary success metrics for this. Um, we have this full report available too where like for every metric that we measure, we'll let you walk through that and kind of see like what's the difference between the variants, break that down by product and see like exactly what people are purchasing on on different products. Um, it's too much to go through on a on a live stream, so I don't I don't want to like go through line by line. I don't think it'll be that useful. I call it out mostly to say that like when when you revenue cat customer are are doing this um you know run an experiment uh see the the the main results but like start digging through some of these extra details as well because even if it doesn't initially like um you know make sense or seem like obvious what what matters in there like what you'll see no matter what is these big changes and these big swings and like that'll prompt the next set of questions of like huh like why did the mix of people selecting the annual plan change so much like I'm not sure. Let me go into charts and see if I can answer that question. Right? Like and it's that process of kind of just being curious about your data that is extremely helpful for coming up with the next hypothesis for for how to grow your business. >> Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Um I don't see any other questions on Discord. I'm hop I'm hopping between like four different channels. Uh I got LinkedIn here. I got Discord. I've got the actual livetorm. I don't think I've missed anything. Um, but given we have a few minutes left, let me just make sure because uh I want to make sure everyone has their questions answered. >> Yeah, totally. >> We've covered everything here. Uh, okay. Oh, there there was um there was a question Dan um about uh like how how much I guess you've touched on it a little bit with some of the features, but like how much when when you're running an experiment, how much like revenue cap can help in telling you whether it's um whether it's significant and like giving you an analysis on the outcome of the experiment that you've that you've run. >> Yeah, totally. So the this chance to win metric that I was highlighting is definitely like the the clearest way where we'll try to answer that explicitly for you and basically say like all right for this individual metric what's the likelihood that that uh this particular variant is is going to win. So we'll call that out explicitly. That's a fairly new feature in revenue cat. So if you've used experiments in the past and are coming back to it uh that's new and it's something that we we highlight prominently. Um so yeah I I think that's the answer to the question. I won't repeat myself from before, but the thing to to just be careful of there is to not just focus on one metric. Even even here in the summary, you can see we're showing you three different metrics because they they each tell you something different about how the app is performing. So, so pay attention to all of it. >> Awesome. Um, question from Trent. Uh, so taking partnership aon has a few users recently added a second pay wall for users that cancel out the subscription and it prompts them for a non a non-expiring consumable. I guess I should watch for bumps to LTV. No experiment required. Do I just watch the watch the chart? >> Yeah, this is a great question. Um, first I I totally agree on the no experiment required part just just to talk through it. So the reason why is you're going from having, you know, let's just say one payw wall. Let's assume there's one payw wall today and there's a now a second payw wall. Think about the AB test there. Control group has paywall one. Variant has payw wall one and paywall two. the only way that variant two loses is if it somehow causes payw wall one's conversion to be worse. There's there's no reason to suspect that's going to be the case. Um or that zero people act on paywall 2. If that's the case and zero people act on paywall 2, you don't need an AB test to answer that question, right? You can go into let's uh let's actually just pull it up in charts. You can go to, you know, new paid subscriptions. Uh let's pull that back up. And let's just assume that the the product mix is fairly simple. This this app that I'm looking at, it's it's not going to be simple, but for for you, it probably would be. You could just segment it by product and say, all right, is anyone taking this this new product that I'm offering? Um, if yes, what's the portion of them that are doing that? Um, and then yes, exactly like the customer was saying, like the once you answer that first question of like, all right, people are getting this offer and some people are accepting it now, yeah, LTV is the thing to focus on because that tells me as a result of them accepting it, how much have I increased my LTV by? Is it, you know, 5% or is it is it 20%. If it's five, you know, maybe that's like, cool, I helped, but now I'm going to go try something else because this is probably not going to dramatically change my business. If it's 20, now you found a lever that's that's potentially worth optimizing. Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. Great stuff. Um, all right. So, yeah, Tren, hopefully that answers your question. Um, if you have a follow-up, uh, share it quickly and we might be able to answer it before the before the top before the top of the hour. But I think I think that is everything. Um, I I can talk for another 30 seconds just to give people time. Um, if they do have any last minute questions, but Dan, thank you so much for running through that. Really, really helpful. Um, and I'm sure for a lot of people that are Yeah. they've launched their apps and they're they're trying desperately to to do as much as they can before the shipon window closes next week. That would have been super valuable. So, thank you. >> I I'll just add too that I'm somewhat jealous of them because I I started working on my Shipaton app before paternity leave and in my mind I was like cool. I'll be off of work for a couple of weeks. I'll I'll have a chance to work on the app. Um I probably could have, but my mind was elsewhere. I made zero progress on it and there's no way I'm shipping by the deadline. So, congrats to all of you that are >> Shippeton 2026. Maybe that'll be that's your that's what you can you can focus on. Um, all right. Cool. But yeah, as a as a reminder, so the submission window closes. It's next week. It's on the the 30th. I can't remember what we agreed like time zone wise, but it's like end very end of day, maybe like Pacific time. Uh, next uh next week on the 30th. So, um yeah, if you're if you're getting closer to the to to making your submission, make sure you get it in before the deadline. Um we have one more live stream uh on Thursday. So same time uh on Thursday. Um that's just a general Q&A session. So um there'll be a couple of us on that one answering any kind of last minute questions uh that you have. Uh and then I think next week we'll be having some sort of shipon party live stream to mark the end of the the window. So um yeah, look out for that one as well. Um but yeah, I think that's I think that's it, Dan. I don't see any other last minute questions. So yeah, thank you again for for joining. Um, thank you everybody that's listening for for joining the session and uh, yeah, we will we will see you all soon. Thank you very much. >> Awesome. Thanks everyone.