All right, we are live. Ooh, I already see people in the chat. Good. It's always this beginning part is always scary because you're like, did I hit the button right? Are we are we actually live? Are we just talking to ourselves here? When it will be online. When I will call my mom and mom see I'm on the TV. TV, yeah. We don't... Yeah. streaming this to your Roku box or something, let us know. And then we can confirm that we're on TV right now. Um so I usually give uh a minute or two for people to kind of stream in here. So uh I guess I'll give I'll give the warning that you gave me at the beginning of this, which is where you're at right now. the temperature is uh significantly high and you graciously for the audience you should know the sacrifice that you're making. He turned his fan off. and so he warned me that he's slowly going to get a little bit more uh, you know, warm throughout this throughout this presentation here. Yeah, a bit glossy. A bit glossy. I love it. Love it. All right. that should be good. So I'm going to share my slides here. And let's kick things off. So we are going to talk about ASO in the age of AI agents. Uh, and to answer the question which so many of you are asking now, especially as more and more of you are getting your apps shipped, which is okay, now what? How do I get my app discovered by users? Um And who we have here to talk about this is, of course, me, Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revenue Cat. And I am just your host, but the real expert here is uh Yaroslav, who is from App Follow or uh App Follow. I almost said App Fellow. Um, and you are uh the ASO expert, self-proclaimed, uh, over there and have a lot of experience in this space, and so. I know you have a presentation prepared, but as usual, this is a live stream. This is not a recorded session. So please ask your questions. I plan on uh interrupting and asking questions as well. And I'll be monitoring the chat. Uh Reese is also my colleague is in the chat monitoring. And so please bring your questions in. That's the whole point of doing these. Um and we will uh we will make this more of a conversation. But before we get into that, we have some community updates. And before we get into community updates, we have an announcement. So we are one week away, uh actually technically eight days away from the end of the Shippaton. And yet we still have uh brand new announcements for you. So uh we have one more prize that we haven't been able to announce. oh, is something wrong with my mic? Do I sound okay to you, Yaroslav? Uh okay. So maybe there's something weird going on with the streaming. let me know if it keeps doing that and I can, I don't know, unplug some things or try something. hopefully that sounds okay. But anyway, uh so there's another prize we have for the winners of the Shipaton, which is during uh New York app week, which is when um when we're gonna do the shippies where we announce the winners and where winners are gonna have their apps on the giant billboards in Times Square. We also got uh Space in Times Square. This took a very long time, hence the late announcement to deal with permits and all that. But we have a space and we're gonna do a demo day. So on I believe it's Thursday of that week, we're gonna have a big space. This is just a render. This is not exactly how it's going to look, but it's going to be a big space with a whole bunch of booths and uh winners of the Shippiton who are there in person can demo their app to people as they come through. Um, this is kind of a continuation of us being uh inspired by uh Taiwo, who you see on uh on Twitter doing the build in public thing where he like sets up a table in random spots. We were like, let's do the biggest version of that we can imagine, which of course involves Times Square. So this is gonna be really cool. Uh another thing that people can win, we'll have more details obviously as we get closer. Um but look forward to this. And if you were in New York during New York app week, Check this out. I think it's gonna be on Thursday. It'll be on our New York App Week uh website with those details. So this should be fun. All right. Looking at the community. So Build in Public has been as energetic as ever. Uh I grabbed a couple examples from recently from people that I don't think I've highlighted most of these already. but Daria uh posted their Figma file. I just love this, these behind the scenes looks. I know you can't see any details, but that's kind of the point, is Just the number of different variations of designs that they worked on. I love seeing like the end results of an app might look obvious, but the amount of work that happens behind the scenes is always fun. ah Nurmal is doing a what to me, there I've seen a lot of like vocabulary and language learning apps out there, but I don't know that I've ever seen one before where the point of the app is to take pictures of objects in real life. so this is a really fun app in general. I think it's called Vocab Blue, if I'm remembering correctly, or Word a thon. Um, but the design is just really delightful and I thought this was a really fun one. And then this one is just me uh being vain, but Anna, who we have highlighted before, her most recent video, she snuck in a little Easter egg of I think she like Photoshopped herself into one of the pictures from last year receiving the trophy as like the goal she was setting for herself. And then uh and then Niv, who I don't know if we've Highlighted him, but he's been part of, I believe, every Shippaton so far. And he said getting to meet Charlie is the ultimate milestone, which you know is going to earn you uh kudos in my mind because I'm a very vain person. So uh so yeah, that's that. and then also shippaton IRL. There's been events still, there's so many events happening all over the world. there was a really cool big one in uh Seoul in South Korea. That was exciting to see. There's uh there was the ramen space in London, which we've been sort of teasing for a while with all those buses. Uh, there was one in Newfoundland in Canada, and also there's one in Cape Town in South Africa, uh, this week. And there's still a bunch happening. I know we're at the end here, but you can see there's still like a ton of events, and there's a couple that even happen uh after technically the end. And so still check out that shippaton uh.com slash events page and see if there's one in your area because It's crazy how many there are. And the amount of stories I'm getting out of these from people meeting each other who are also builders has been really, really fun to hear about. and then, of course, thank you so much to our sponsors. They're the ones that make this event as big as it is. And so uh big appreciation there. And of course, extra highlights to App Follow here, uh, who is with us today. Uh so thank you to App Follow and thank you to all the sponsors that you see here. All right. I am now going to hand the reins over to Ydoslav and let you uh talk about ASO. And uh it I'm hearing a whole lot of background noise, although it's slowly going away. So maybe your uh noise reduction microphone? Nope. I think it's working. I think we're good now. We're good now. I think it was just taking a minute for that to kick in. So you're good now. Okay, gotcha. So I will show my screen and we can start. Yes. So guys we can start uh Hello everyone, uh I'm Yaroslav I'm the ASO expert uh in the Apollo I'm working with the ASO last 8 years So and today we will uh join the story how we can manage our ASO today and why it is important at all for you guys for delivering the products to the world are not promote them are not getting the marketing stuff just because it's boring almost so first of all the first our question who finds your app if you not invest inside the ASO any minutes I think that's obvious now I think mom dad maybe mom and dad But uh that's it. And what about the ISO? What is this ISO? It is the App Store Optimization Process. It is something like the uh SEO, but for the mobile marketers, for the mobile market. uh It's combined for two big parts. Visibility, which are answering the question uh how to make the app get more impressions uh in the App Store or in the Google Play. And the second one, conversion rate optimization, how to convert more uh from impressions to the downloads. So today, as you preparing the new products, as you preparing the brand new stuff in the shipaton. uh I wanted to stress out only on the visibility part just because, yep, our main part here to increase our visibility to get any new impressions and about the conversion rate we will talk about a bit a bit far from uh this speech. So first of all how we can uh increase divisibility. What is this? What is this? How we can touch divisibility. So first of all, the main target for the ASO works is to index our app in the top positions. So the main task. to get higher than your competitors in the most relevant keywords. Absolutely easy to hear this, not absolutely easy to manage it. uh And also how uh algorithms are checking our EPS and placing it inside the ranking. We have some triggered places. places where we can place any keywords. For example, in the App Store, these are title, subtitle and keywords field. And uh keywords field I cannot show you right now, but title is here, subtitle is here. All the words are consisting here. This is the keywords. If you're combining, recombine it between each other, it will be the keywords as a 30 days workout at home at seven minutes. work out at home, everything, everything, it will be the uh list of the keywords where potentially App Store will place this title inside the keyword rank. Keywords field, of course, I cannot share just because uh this is not open share data. I cannot find out for any of the title in the world how it look like uh their keywords field just because it's hiding inside the App Store Connect. So what about the Google Play? That's absolutely easy. Everything is visible. App name, short description and full description. Three fields. We should paste there some keywords and also based on it algorithm will be describing our worthy or not to be on these keywords. Should we will be placed or not? So and the main question. why we should pay attention for those keywords and those optimizations before the release. I think uh for me, it's absolutely clear, but also this is the part not the common knowledge for everyone who involved into the uh product building. So first of all, the reason number one, uh when you releasing your app store, uh App uh Store gives you a boost in case of the launch. So, uh this may help you to be discoverable from the day of the release. Also, convert your launch traffic and this is the seed round for the uh keywords inside the algorithm and inside the App Store. Please use this opportunity just because uh If we uh don't pay attention for this one, the next one possibility will be after we are opening some localizations, some new localizations for us. So there will be boost, but currently, yep, in your key country where you deliver in default language, of course, do not lose this moment. Second one. GEO! This is the new word for any of the person who are involved inside the marketing just because GEO this is still something like the CEO but for the AI. So and we have to get a bit more downloads not only from the App Store but also from the AI platforms and from the AI chatbots for example from the chat, jpt, jmin, perspelexity everywhere uh every part so this way full field metadata help AI understand your app uh what is relevant for your app, what not relevant to build the consistent product signals so you can place there inside your uh description the use cases how to use your app it not be plus one fitness tracker it will be fitness tracker for I don't know for bald man like me but it will be the use case uh and also uh maybe it will be convertible in in some installs Currently we cannot manage the performance. uh we, told, not only me or follow or something else. uh The industry got the big problem with the determination. If you are getting any search query inside the search line, it will be the determined uh number of ranked. uh I don't know, websites or apps or something else which you can scrap and which you can show and see how you perform in there. For the AI uh optimization, it is pretty harder just because you cannot, if you put one question twice, you will not get the same results. So this is main problem why we cannot get performance right now but also uh even if we the reddit posts with the LinkedIn posts with the SEO landing page of your products you should be attention for your app description for the app store for example it is not indexing for the ASO but it is working for the geo Yeah, and like like you're saying, you we can't measure uh how well it's doing necessarily right now, but I can tell you on my apps, like it's very clear that there is an impact coming from these different AI tools. Like if you go into App Store Connect and you um and you sort your your traffic by like websites or by apps, um I can see that ChatGPT in particular for my app is quite high, both I think it's mostly on the app side. So it must be people asking ChatGPT like, what's an app that can do this for me in ChatGPT? And then it'll l literally give them a link. And because that links directly into the app store, that uh tracking does come through if you look at App Store analytics. So definitely it's like this is an important source of uh inbound search traffic. It's just the tooling doesn't necessarily exist to to do it. And it's not nearly as like simple as traditional ASO, which I guess is what you're gonna talk about here. yeah, and also it is also organic traffic, so it's potentially free for us. And plus one in the Google Play, you can find out the UTMs and UTMs just because charge EPT almost one. who I marked the link with the chart GPT UTM. So you can sort there and find out the performance in case of the installs. But I thought about the performance where you can find out the visibility in the AI, for example, something like that. This we cannot measure. But yeah, the result, of course you can find out. ah And also you told about the apps. uh For the apps we told with the game developers last week that for the uh games it will be harder to promote anything inside the AI chats just because for the games there is no particular use case. For example for the apps you have the use case which you can search there and get the presenting but for the games yep show me something like and uh showing it so yep and reason number three this is the Google Google uh want to get uh more quality from the apps so they should not show you on the search results at all uh And uh before you are reaching out the 10k of first users you cannot be visible at all. So uh please uh pay attention for it before you are getting those uh UA campaign. which will uh engage uh 10,000 of new users, you should be ready to use your metadata just because it will uh help the Google algorithm and also with the synergy with the user acquisition, it will be performed better than without it. So if we can determine why we need to do this, let's talk about how to do this. And this is uh one more part of our speech today. I will talk uh very basics of the uh ESO work. I don't want to dig out uh too deep just because we have, for example, in AppFollow we have a lot of articles which are directly details getting how to prepare your ASO iteration for example or how to analyze your traffic right now. I wanted to get the basis for you uh with which you can uh work uh today at evening. So first of all, this is semantic work and our main. task before creating the textual metadata, our basis, our fundament, this is the semantic core. Usually inside the semantic core we are including all the keywords which we currently ranking or in your case when uh app is not delivered right now in the App Store which should be potential helpful for us, which should be potential useless. useless, useful. So next one, how we can collect the semantic order? From which one step we should start? We should start to collect the right competitors, just because spying for our competitors, this is the top priority for us to find out anything. So uh we should, you should go into the App Store or Google Play and on the search line, Here we have a screenshot from the app follow, but everything you can do it manually. But a bit difficult. That's why app follow is existing. If there is no difficulties, I will not have any work. So here you can paste any type of the keyword here. For example, the main feature of your app or the main use case of your app. Checking the categories in your potential categories. which one competitors are potentially more relevant for you, more closer in case of the existing features and also which was the reference for you. You're pitching the apps, so when you're pitching the apps, everyone is getting my app is this one for this one. This is a easier pitch for every new product. So, and this way you can collect the proper list of your competitors. The proper list from 10 competitors beyond the one um app store will be okay. And after it, we should find out the keywords where they are ranked by higher. So. the main position of checking our competitors to find out all the competitors, all the keywords, where they are ranked by higher than top 10. I can share the live demo for you just to find out. I cannot find, cannot share it inside our slides. but I can share it uh here. Here is the app follow and inside the app follow we can find out for any uh app which we collected the keywords which where they are performing better. So this is the, for example, for the Uber it's all the keywords which are placing here. And this way, I should, if I will present uh any food delivery app, so I will collect all the number of my competitors and click one by one and see all of their ranked keywords. possibly rank keywords from top 1 to top 10 just because I don't need the keywords where they are placed in top 15 and top 100. They are not reaching out any downloads from there. are not reaching out any impressions. So based on it, we should exclude them. Also, uh what should I do? You are picking one by one keywords and then uh collect their top 1, top 10 uh keywords from each one. of the competitor. This way I... why what is the reason why you want to know what keywords they're doing well in? Is it is it because you want to go after those yourself or is it because you want to like avoid those because they're already being taken by the really, you know, big competitors? So we have the pretty similar target audience with them. Not especially with the food delivery, but any niche. If you are picking directly competitors which are 100 % relevant for you, it means that your potential target audience with them is similar. And if you're their... uh target audience is uh going through these search results, it means that your potential audience are going there. And from these keywords, you can separate words uh which are branded keywords, just because, of course, everyone who are Googling, who are searching the UB reads will be download UB reads. It's nothing. uh Yeah. So you should... what I'm thinking what I'm wondering though is like like s one of my apps is a like ambient noise type app, right? Uh if I looked at the big competitors, it'd like, you know, Calm or Headspace, these like big companies, they're probably locking up terms like white noise or some of these really obvious generic terms and they probably spend a lot of money and have big teams dedicated to locking that down. Does it make sense for me to like target those or should I look for opportunities where they're not going after words that I think are pathways in and it might be easier for me to to compete there? So all the keywords are divided into big sub keywords categories. This is the head tail keywords, mid tail keywords and long tail keywords. For example, white noise uh right now, this is the head tail keywords. Our task here to dig out. to find out inside the semantic core for each one keyword for example for delivery. uh The keywords which built will be long tail for us for example delivery apps for something or white noise for babies. It might be like this if you are uh relevant for the white noise for babies it will be easier to you to rank by for this one keywords for the long tail keywords. um usually using the long tail keywords to reach out the head tail keywords just because as you told before if you're going there someone like a Duolingo is placing every learn English keywords exactly. So what do you mean what does long tail keyword mean then to you? Is that literally it's long or is it just it's not as competitive because it's a little more esoteric? is the keyword with the appendix. example, like in a delivery app. Nope, this is not good. Present. Wait a sec. Delivery app. to make money, for food for example, for drivers, for courier. uh And here you can find out that we have here appendix which are categorizing our delivery app. The same one thing with the uh white noise, the same one thing with any of the apps. You paste in your main problem and then after it of course it will be appendix for any of the part of the apps just because you will create the unique app. So you will have some unique feature there. uh based on those long tail keywords you can research which type of the apps currently exist, how they are succeeding or not. And there is some niches where there is not uh any possible top competitors. Like you told the giant like Calm or Headspace, they are giant. and if we're going, I don't know, for the some apps for the weather to the Gulf. It might be of course much much better and the ESO will be I think the magic wand for them just because there is not a lot of audience but uh they wanted to be visible and oh of course they should pay attention for ESO even they are not compete with some kind of tier 1 companies on their field. This is how it looks like. I don't know if I answered it or not, but... yeah, yeah. I think that answers my question. I I I I'm also doing that thing where I'm supposed to be, you know, hosting a show and now I'm just sitting here like, what can I do with my own app here? 'Cause like uh I've not thought specifically the way that you're talking about the the appendix kind of thing in your keywords. I dunno I've never really thought through that. I've gone after different terms. Um, but I've never really thought of like, yeah, white noise for babies, like adding that in there. But you've y in your experience, there is a decent amount of opportunities in those those types of of keywords. is the only way right now to grow for any new app, just because every day uh in the App Store launched thousands and thousands of wipe coding apps. uh It was not uh like this a year ago and the competitorship between them is pretty high. Based on it, you should rely on to your ASO your first task to describe your app to place your app on shelf this way that your user and the app store algorithm understand it clearly. This is the abstractive way to understand what is the ASO. So I'm the merchandiser inside the Walmart. So I'm trying to put the uh product on the right shelf, on the right place. In this way, these all tools are helping me to discover it. of course, based in starting uh with the long tail keywords for the any new app without any uh big budgets, without any free uh 40k oh of user acquisition cost per week. oh Of course it will be hard. uh from the huge keywords which are lower in case of the popularity but you can reach out it and you can try to uh ranked on the midtail, hardtail keyword which existing on this longtail keywords uh higher it means that the algorithm step by step iteration by iteration can understand you more and can place you higher and higher and uh can help you to reach out more organic downloads at all. Yeah. And I also relevant to this, I think, is something that I know I'm guilty of, and I feel like a lot of people in our space also like people who understand how search works at a technical level and kind of grew up in the sort of Google being good at Google, we don't tend to s like the way we search for things is we'll use like small phrases, you know, white noise, ambient noise, whatever. But the way a lot of normal people use app stores, Google Play Store and Apple's app store is that it's a solution box. Like, I need to fix my my toilet. They will like type that phrase and like look for an app, maybe not that exactly situation, but like they are going in and typing into that search box like the problem that they want solved, and they want an app that solves that problem. And so it always surprises me the phrases that people will put in there. Uh In decent numbers. And those I feel like are the opportunities for us, like you're saying, without the big budgets, to find like, hey, there's a shelf that people are going to typing in this specific phrase. There isn't something just sitting there ready for them right there. If if your app fits that, which is I mean another part of this, uh, then that is a that is like a good opportunity for for us like smaller developers to kind of compete and get eyeballs, basically. Yeah, just get the use case what I did when I started uh my ASO experiments. First of all, I came to my wife and get the uh phone for her and told her please find out the app. I don't know from the uh fitness tracker. I need to find out fitness tracker. Do this. And I saw the flow how to how she do it. and also inside the we have suggestions so if i wanted to get food delivery uh This is the same one as will be on the device. So if we paste food delivery here will be the food delivery suggestions. And this is the words which regularly typed when you collect the food delivery inside the search line. So this way you can go into the food delivery simulator or for food delivery app. And after you're clicking, for example, for the food delivery here will be the uh such type of the search results. So based on it I found out that Suggestions currently is ruling all this stuff uh in case of the how uh people find out the keywords. All of these uh words, this is the keywords, this is the existing keywords from the the sets of the apps. uh In the App Store it is limited. by the App Store database. So based on it, currently you can find out that for example, they're using here food delivery, food delivery, food delivery, food and groceries. And from those combinations of the words inside the title and subtitle, I can prepare something which I be similar to them, but... uh solving my problem, my use case of the app. This is how looks like. And also I wanted to get some words about the prioritization just because we a bit stuck in case of our theoretical part with the long tail, mid tail, etc. So we have in app follow in other solutions it will be something similar but I will today discover the upfollow just because I'm working on upfollow and I love upfollow it's pretty useful for me I'm working with the only this tool for the uh last six years. So we have here the popularity score, difficulty score and effectiveness score. Those two scores uh helps us to prioritize the keywords. When we collect I don't know 200 of keywords we have to do something to prioritize them. So first of all we should go into the most popular keywords. For example I will sort the table and most popular keyword will be Amazon. It means currently this is the number between 0 and 100 where 0 means no traffic at all. No one will hear. uh And 100 means this is the overcrowded keyword. Of course the Amazon number one. But is it relevant? Not. uh Difficulty score. This is the second score for you uh to prioritize the keywords. This is also number from 0 to 100, where 0 means if I add this keyword inside my title, it will be very easy to be uh higher than top 10 ranked. For example, there is only 9 apps which are ranking for this keyword. Why not? You will rank it by there higher. And 100 means never. It will be impossible. Don't try. Don't even try to add Amazon on your title. There's YuYu. So this way we have to get the balance between popularity and difficulty. So based on it, we are creating the effectiveness score which showing us the most popular keyword with the last number of difficulty. So here you can ask me, so I can put only all of these keywords inside my title or something else. And uh it will be stonks. Nope. So uh first of all, of course you will have here the most effective keywords for for Uber Eats right now. Delivery and it will be uh pretty good for them. But the problem is uh not all of these keywords are as used for the to be placed on the title and subtitle, for example, in the App Store or for the metadata uh for Google. in common, just because it's abandoned to mention the brand names inside your visible part of the metadata. Everyone can sue you, uh even if don't see it, Google Play or App Store will reject your uh app and that's it. So, we should prioritize the keywords with the highest number of the effectiveness, generic for us, which are describing uh the problem. But not a brand and also uh pretty relevant for us if we are clicking on any of these keywords if uh there will be on top 10 our directly competitor so it might be relevant for us just because the ranking is a ladder when the user are voting by their download by the clicking get on the app. So number one uh app is generating more traffic than others on this keyword. just because this is branded keyword. usually if it's not a branded keyword, uh also it will be the ladder of the downloads. So based on that, if you have the target audience on this keyword, why not, you should not pick this keyword and to not prioritize them. I told Everything. This is the... We speak about 15 minutes, which is pretty hard, first of all, to understand and second one to do without any experience. uh And this is not the place which we can do easily. So I can stop here. I will review... uh Yep. Review that... uh we have three main KPIs as a popularity difficulty and effectiveness. But also we have the easy way and easy way for everyone who are currently white coding. I'm white coding a lot. So we have the Apollo MCP connector. uh And every all of this data which I showed you, can create your account and based on it you can uh install the toolkit or connect it directly with the cloud. uh And uh yeah, there is some use cases. For example, you can buy the uh discussion inside the chat. You can find out your competitors. This is what we talked before how to pick your relevant competitors. Here you can find out the list of, I don't know, show me 100 of my competitors and then and get the intent uh higher element or lower element those competitors saw me. Now it will be more easier than going to the interface which you never saw uh to produce anything. Next one, uh everything about the ASO. You can check in the performance of any uh of the tool or you can and the semantic core please find out all I created the based on my competitors which I added please collect the semantic core which conclude me higher relevant keywords for me uh which are mostly generic separated from the branded and show me the list so and this is will be the use case how to start the ASO absolutely easy two steps uh creating the account inside the app follow connecting with the MCP with your uh or uh agent or something else and it will be working right now right here. I absolutely dreaming about it 8 years ago just because I am trying all these SaaS businesses currently not currently but previously uh in 2019 was pretty not uh friendly in case of the UI and you should try all of them how to do it teach from the bottom from the end of the new tool so currently is the easiest way to dive into the ASO and find out this. And I wanted to share with uh any of our participants who are here on the streams the checklist for just an evening. It will be spending, I don't know, couple, one hour. Okay, one hour for you. So, uh you should create the list of 3-5 pretty relevant competitors which will be higher relevant for you, for the use cases, the something what they do, what features they have. uh Second one, collect at least 100 of keywords. Don't worry branded, non-branded, at least 100 keywords will... help you to start to collect your semantic code, to start to collect your metadata sets. This way you can start to... Prepare with your chatbot for example the full description do not forget about the full description that you have to describe the use cases there including keywords but placing the use cases just because it's parsing by the AI and it will be increasing your geo performance etc etc. And based on all of the stuff which you will prepared you can uh complete the metadata set and it will be uh easier for you in the future. And I think that's it. I think everyone is so bored right now. Hey guys, we'll go into the chat. No, so uh you haven't seen I probably the conversation happening, but there uh there's some weird audio technical issue on YouTube specifically, which is where most of our comments come in. Uh so we've been booting peop telling people to go out to Twitter or LinkedIn. And I am following the chat and there actually is quite a bit of chat, but I haven't seen questions coming in. Uh so if you're on Twitter or LinkedIn or on our Discord, feel free to ask questions and bring those in and I'll I'll bring in. Um Maybe since we have uh we have a little bit of extra time here, what do you think about doing a l like live demo of app follow where you kind of roast uh maybe you just roast one of my app's ASO and just like look at it and see, yeah, yeah. Just to give a real world example. Um and if somebody is listening and they want him to do the same thing for your app, uh throw it in Twitter and I'll Maybe grab one of those. But for to start, uh, if you want to just demo dark noise, uh in or demo app follow and look at my app is called Dark Noise. Um and see just to give I I feel like it it's really helpful to see an example, like a more concrete example that isn't a major bland brand. dark noise. Mm-hmm. So I will create one more workspace. So based on it, your key country is the United States. s sorry, say that I was saying something in the Twitter chat d where you asked me a question. No props. This is your keyword, this is your brand, which is... This is... Okay, let's add them for the Google Play you currently don't have. Title. Okay. uh grabbed my name on Google Play, which was actually one of my like life goals. I always wanted somebody to copy my app on Google, because it felt like, you know, it was legitimizing. So that's fun. Although it looks like it might just be unrelated. Okay, green brown noise, brown noise? Brown noise is very popular, actually. Uh it's a lower frequency. My three classes of the... So I've collected your app and some random apps. I don't know what is this. So based on it inside the app follow we can find out first of all how you are performing. We should go into the hour app page and see uh here will be the everything what we collected. I will update just because I've used yeah, I have app follow. I get I get slack uh I get slack notifications whenever uh my app's featured somewhere. I don't see currently any scores. means that, yeah. haven't used yeah, it it's just like a automated Slack thing uh that I've had for a long, long time. No props. Let's find out for your computers if there are anything from here. I will describe you how it looks like and oh what we can measure here. and after uh you will duplicate it on your app. So here will be definitely copy of our webpage with all the stuff, but we should pay attention for our main potential growth points. This is our app reputation index. We build this index to find out are we good or not inside the ASO. So uh zero. about the ASO. for uh the overall performance of course but uh what I should push here we will describe only ASO. Of course the ratings and reviews performance is included here and we are checking here the uh average rating, average rating by the reviews, how you are responding to the feature reviews, all of this stuff, but let's pay attention for uh such thing which we can uh fix on to go. For example, if the app reputation is low we can um change something. This number is based on three parameters, ratings and reviews, I told before, store info, where we collect the uh last update data, uh last featured data in category child ranking. So, and those three parameters currently uh on their app, uh mostly in the critical part. So they have not updated two years and a half. It's a lot for all our clients. app, to be clear, where I'm looking at a competitor. yeah. Do you see how you are better than your competitors? Also, feature inform. Do not forget to apply to the feature. Even if you have low number of the uh daily downloads or something like this, do not forget to work with the feature. This is absolutely... everybody listening, this is the App Store features. So in App Store, I don't know if Google Play has the same kind of thing, but I know in App Store Connect, you can on the left sidebar, there's a like nominate your app, I think is what it's called. And you can fill a little form to say, I have an update coming or a new app coming, and you can describe it for the app store editorial team to say, Hey, you should consider featuring my app in some lists or something. Um and that That can go a long way. Uh it certainly goes a long way for my app, uh, in terms of getting on some of those lists. I knew some gaming apps which I can't reach out for years in the future but when they started they can't. uh This is like a heroine but for the apps with the good reasons of course. uh and the category chart ranking here. Also we are checking the ASO and search visibility performance. Where is the full fulfillment of title and subtitle, total number of rank keywords and search visibility score. Total rank keywords are showing us total number of keywords where your app is presenting right now. It doesn't matter how popular is those keywords. It doesn't matter in which one position you stay in first on 150 first. So uh every of those keywords will be collecting. But to find out the valuability of those keywords we created search visibility score which based on the number of keywords which are ranked by higher than top 10 and get the popularity score higher than 5. So the more popular keywords you will get on the tops then higher you will stay. I will try once more. uh I wanted to see your performance and you also want to people throwing their apps in the in the chat too, so we could try those too. Yes, we'll find out. If I'm Nope, currently. you use your app, uh it has to like build that that index. Yes, first time when you're adding your app inside the workspace uh and uh those if you are using the free plan uh some of the parameters will be not collecting. uh That's why I am uh suggesting for everyone who are using it. Start the trial from the team plan. You don't need to connect any uh cards or something else. and you can enjoy the capability of the ASO uh inside the app follow for the 10 days. try uh an app that Justin threw in here. So I'll give you the letters if you whenever you're ready, because I don't know how to pronounce this. So I can just tell you each letter. Uh it's was oh, that's in the YouTube chat, but you could do that one too, the try drawy or dry AR. I can see, yep. So let's edit. And yeah, that looks like probably it. Yep. So let's move back and let's see. Four ratings. And yep, calc ratings. Yeah, probably most of these it's gonna be it's gonna have to calculate the the index 'cause we didn't do it ahead time. We should do we should do this. I see some chat in Twitter, but uh we should definitely do something like this uh explicitly. Like we've done like paywall roofs before. It'd be fun to do one with with ASO. uh By the way, uh we uh are doing the uh live app audits and the main problem of the live audits is uh there is a lack of the uh participants who wanted to share their apps. So please subscribe on our pages or something else where we can find out the data and we can connect it. app audits when uh I will uh find out each of our of your apps and describe it uh on the big panel. Yeah, same one thing. event. Sorry, I wasn't fully understanding that. uh So, uh this is not the event which was announced, but twice per year we are getting the inside the app follow, are getting the app audit webinar. When we are sending everyone who wants to participate, please share with us uh your apps and I'm on the live, I'm preparing all the apps uh which are getting the audit. And then... uh describing everything what happened on my screen on live. Where where can people like subscribe to that? Is that like your YouTube channel or something? I think that's our LinkedIn page, uh app following LinkedIn page. Let I get one more time. Maybe something calculated. No, not right now. Sorry, sorry. bummer. Okay. Well, I threw you on the spot for that. so that is understandable. Um by the way, if you need to find out everything regarding your featuring, here you can click on the featuring and here will be the all the featured. you got featured. You got featured on the September 5th, on the August 15th. ah And currently it is also ongoing on the apps featuring on the apps page. You were featured there. And also... I uh I used App Follow for is uh tracking those features. Cause like you mentioned, those are very valuable. events? Are you using the inept events? I have the rumor. but I I have not been, not for that app anyway. Uh but yes, I definitely should be using those. Store it is less performing, but for the Google Play uh some game developers told me that they are generating 80 % of their new organic traffic from the featured in-app events inside the Google Play. So you can promote not uh just the regular app, but your in-app events which are going inside the app. And uh just because the feature in there is highly personalized, it will be targeting on your targeted audience and the conversion rate from those promotion from the in-app events higher than the the usual feature. Cool. All right. Well, we are at time. Here, I'll share my uh my little final slides here. So this Friday is the last live stream, which feels insane to say. It does not feel like we're we're actually at the end, although I'm sure everybody frantically trying to get uh updates through app review absolutely feels like we're that close to the end. So yeah, so this Friday we'll do like a final AMA. Bring all of your questions. Uh we'll just be kind of hanging out and talking about uh the Shippitan at large and and answering any of your questions before we get to the end. Um and that is it. Thank you everybody for joining. And thank you, Yaroslav, for uh for hosting. That was excellent. Thank you. It was a pleasure to be here. Bye everyone. Bye. All right, we are live. Ooh, I already see people in the chat. Good. It's always this beginning part is always scary because you're like, did I hit the button
right? Are we are we actually live? Are we just talking to ourselves here? When it will be online. When I will call my mom and mom see I'm on the TV. TV, yeah. We don't... Yeah. streaming this to your Roku box or something, let us know. And then we can confirm that we're on TV right now. Um so I usually give uh a minute or two for people to kind of stream in here. So uh I guess I'll give I'll give the warning that you gave me at the beginning of this,
which is where you're at right now. the temperature is uh significantly high and you graciously for the audience you should
know the sacrifice that you're making. He turned his fan off. and so he warned me that he's slowly going to get a little bit more uh, you know, warm
throughout this throughout this presentation here. Yeah, a bit glossy. A bit glossy. I love it. Love it. All right. that should be good. So I'm going to share my slides here. And let's kick things off. So we are going to talk about ASO in the age of AI agents. Uh, and to answer the question which so many of you are asking now, especially as more and
more of you are getting your apps shipped, which is okay, now what? How do I get my app discovered by users? Um And who we have here to talk about this is, of course, me, Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revenue Cat. And I am just your host, but the real expert here is uh Yaroslav, who is from App Follow
or uh App Follow. I almost said App Fellow. Um, and you are uh the ASO expert, self-proclaimed, uh, over there and have a lot of
experience in this space, and so. I know you have a presentation prepared, but as usual, this is a live stream. This is not a recorded session. So please ask your questions. I plan on uh interrupting and asking questions as well. And I'll be monitoring the chat. Uh Reese is also my colleague is in the chat monitoring. And so please bring your questions in. That's the whole point of doing these. Um and we will uh we will make this more of a conversation. But before we get into that, we have some community updates. And before we get into community updates, we have an announcement. So we are one week away, uh actually technically eight days away from the end of the
Shippaton. And yet we still have uh brand new announcements for you. So uh we have one more prize that we haven't been able to announce. oh, is something wrong with my mic? Do I sound okay to you, Yaroslav? Uh okay. So maybe there's something weird going on with the streaming. let me know if it keeps doing that and I can, I don't know, unplug some things or try
something. hopefully that sounds okay. But anyway, uh so there's another prize we have for the winners of the Shipaton, which is
during uh New York app week, which is when um when we're gonna do the shippies where we announce the winners and where winners are gonna have their apps on the giant billboards
in Times Square. We also got uh Space in Times Square. This took a very long time, hence the late announcement to deal with permits and all that. But we have a space and we're gonna do a demo day. So on I believe it's Thursday of that week, we're gonna have a big space. This is just a render. This is not exactly how it's going to look, but it's going to be a big space with a whole
bunch of booths and uh winners of the Shippiton who are there in person can demo their app to people as they come through. Um, this is kind of a continuation of us being uh inspired by uh Taiwo, who you see on uh on Twitter doing the build in public thing where
he like sets up a table in random spots. We were like, let's do the biggest version of that we can imagine, which of course
involves Times Square. So this is gonna be really cool. Uh another thing that people can win, we'll have more details obviously as we get closer. Um but look forward to this. And if you were in New York during New York app week, Check this out. I think it's gonna be on Thursday. It'll be on our New York App Week uh website with those details. So this should be fun. All right. Looking at the community. So Build in Public has been as energetic as ever. Uh I grabbed a couple examples from recently from people that I don't think I've
highlighted most of these already. but Daria uh posted their Figma file. I just love this, these behind the scenes looks. I know you can't see any details, but that's kind of the point, is Just the number of different variations of designs that they worked on. I love seeing like the end results of an app might look obvious, but the amount of work
that happens behind the scenes is always fun. ah Nurmal is doing a what to me, there I've seen a lot of like vocabulary and language
learning apps out there, but I don't know that I've ever seen one before where the point of the app is to take pictures of objects in real life. so this is a really fun app in general. I think it's called Vocab Blue, if I'm remembering correctly, or Word a thon. Um, but the design is just really delightful and I thought this was a really fun one. And then this one is just me uh being vain, but Anna, who we have highlighted before, her
most recent video, she snuck in a little Easter egg of I think she like Photoshopped herself into one of the pictures from last year receiving the trophy as like the goal she
was setting for herself. And then uh and then Niv, who I don't know if we've Highlighted him, but he's been part of, I believe, every Shippaton so far. And he said getting to meet Charlie is the ultimate milestone, which you know is going to
earn you uh kudos in my mind because I'm a very vain person. So uh so yeah, that's that. and then also shippaton IRL. There's been events still, there's so many events happening all over the world. there was a really cool big one in uh Seoul in South Korea. That was exciting to see. There's uh there was the ramen space in London, which we've been sort of teasing for a
while with all those buses. Uh, there was one in Newfoundland in Canada, and also there's one in Cape Town in South
Africa, uh, this week. And there's still a bunch happening. I know we're at the end here, but you can see there's still like a ton of events, and
there's a couple that even happen uh after technically the end. And so still check out that shippaton uh.com slash events page and see if there's one in
your area because It's crazy how many there are. And the amount of stories I'm getting out of these from people meeting each other who are
also builders has been really, really fun to hear about. and then, of course, thank you so much to our sponsors. They're the ones that make this event as big as it is. And so uh big appreciation there. And of course, extra highlights to App Follow here, uh, who is with us today. Uh so thank you to App Follow and thank you to all the sponsors that you see here. All right. I am now going to hand the reins over to Ydoslav and let you uh talk about ASO. And uh it I'm hearing a whole lot of background noise, although it's slowly going away. So maybe your uh noise reduction microphone? Nope. I think it's working. I think we're good now. We're good now. I think it was just taking a minute for that to kick in. So you're good now. Okay, gotcha. So I will show my screen and we can start. Yes. So guys we can start uh Hello everyone, uh I'm Yaroslav I'm the ASO expert uh in the
Apollo I'm working with the ASO last 8 years So and today we will uh join the story how we can manage our ASO today and why it is important at all for you guys for delivering the
products to the world are not promote them are not getting the marketing stuff just because it's boring almost so first
of all the first our question who finds your app if you not invest inside the ASO any minutes I think that's obvious now I think mom dad maybe mom and dad But uh that's it. And what about the ISO? What is this ISO? It is the App Store Optimization Process. It is something like the uh SEO, but for the mobile marketers, for the mobile market. uh It's combined for two big parts. Visibility, which are answering the question uh how to make the app get more impressions
uh in the App Store or in the Google Play. And the second one, conversion rate optimization, how to convert more uh from impressions
to the downloads. So today, as you preparing the new products, as you preparing the brand new stuff in the shipaton. uh I wanted to stress out only on the visibility part just because, yep, our main part
here to increase our visibility to get any new impressions and about the conversion rate we will talk about a bit a bit far from uh this speech. So first of all how we can uh increase divisibility. What is this? What is this? How we can touch divisibility. So first of all, the main target for the ASO works is to index our app in the top
positions. So the main task. to get higher than your competitors in the most relevant keywords. Absolutely easy to hear this, not absolutely easy to manage it. uh And also how uh algorithms are checking our EPS and placing it inside the ranking. We have some triggered places. places where we can place any keywords. For example, in the App Store, these are title, subtitle and keywords field. And uh keywords field I cannot show you right now, but title is here, subtitle is here. All the words are consisting here. This is the keywords. If you're combining, recombine it between each other, it will be the keywords as a 30 days
workout at home at seven minutes. work out at home, everything, everything, it will be the uh list of the keywords where
potentially App Store will place this title inside the keyword rank. Keywords field, of course, I cannot share just because uh this is not open share data. I cannot find out for any of the title in the world how it look like uh their keywords
field just because it's hiding inside the App Store Connect. So what about the Google Play? That's absolutely easy. Everything is visible. App name, short description and full description. Three fields. We should paste there some keywords and also based on it algorithm will be describing our
worthy or not to be on these keywords. Should we will be placed or not? So and the main question. why we should pay attention for those keywords and those optimizations before the release. I think uh for me, it's absolutely clear, but also this is the part not the common
knowledge for everyone who involved into the uh product building. So first of all, the reason number one, uh when you releasing your app store, uh App uh Store gives you a boost in case of the launch. So, uh this may help you to be discoverable from the day of the release. Also, convert your launch traffic and this is the seed round for the uh keywords inside
the algorithm and inside the App Store. Please use this opportunity just because uh If we uh don't pay attention for this one, the next one possibility will be after we
are opening some localizations, some new localizations for us. So there will be boost, but currently, yep, in your key country where you deliver in
default language, of course, do not lose this moment. Second one. GEO! This is the new word for any of the person who are involved inside the marketing just
because GEO this is still something like the CEO but for the AI. So and we have to get a bit more downloads not only from the App Store but also from the
AI platforms and from the AI chatbots for example from the chat, jpt, jmin, perspelexity
everywhere uh every part so this way full field metadata help AI understand your app uh what is relevant for your app, what not relevant to build the consistent product signals
so you can place there inside your uh description the use cases how to use your app it not be plus one fitness tracker it
will be fitness tracker for I don't know for bald man like me but it will be the use case uh and also uh maybe it will be convertible in in some installs Currently we cannot manage the performance. uh we, told, not only me or follow or something else. uh The industry got the big problem with the determination. If you are getting any search query inside the search line, it will be the determined uh
number of ranked. uh I don't know, websites or apps or something else which you can scrap and which you can
show and see how you perform in there. For the AI uh optimization, it is pretty harder just because you cannot, if you put one
question twice, you will not get the same results. So this is main problem why we cannot get performance right now but also uh even if we the
reddit posts with the LinkedIn posts with the SEO landing page of your products you should be attention for your app description for the app store for example it is not indexing for
the ASO but it is working for the geo Yeah, and like like you're saying, you we can't measure uh how well it's doing necessarily
right now, but I can tell you on my apps, like it's very clear that there is an impact coming from these different AI tools. Like if you go into App Store Connect and you um and you sort your your traffic by like
websites or by apps, um I can see that ChatGPT in particular for my app is quite high, both I think it's mostly on the app side. So it must be people asking ChatGPT like, what's an app that can do this for me in
ChatGPT? And then it'll l literally give them a link. And because that links directly into the app store, that uh tracking does come through if
you look at App Store analytics. So definitely it's like this is an important source of uh inbound search traffic. It's just the tooling doesn't necessarily exist to to do it. And it's not nearly as like simple as traditional ASO, which I guess is what you're gonna talk about here. yeah, and also it is also organic traffic, so it's potentially free for us. And plus one in the Google Play, you can find out the UTMs and UTMs just because charge
EPT almost one. who I marked the link with the chart GPT UTM. So you can sort there and find out the performance in case of the installs. But I thought about the performance where you can find out the visibility in the AI, for
example, something like that. This we cannot measure. But yeah, the result, of course you can find out. ah And also you told about the apps. uh For the apps we told with the game developers last week that for the uh games it will
be harder to promote anything inside the AI chats just because for the games there is no particular use case. For example for the apps you have the use case which you can search there and get the presenting but for the games yep show me something like and uh showing it so yep
and reason number three this is the Google Google uh want to get uh more quality from the apps so they should not show you on the search results at all uh And uh before you are reaching out the 10k of first users you cannot be visible at all. So uh please uh pay attention for it before you are getting those uh UA campaign. which will uh engage uh 10,000 of new users, you should be ready to use your metadata just
because it will uh help the Google algorithm and also with the synergy with the user acquisition, it will be performed better than without it. So if we can determine why we need to do this, let's talk about how to do this. And this is uh one more part of our speech today. I will talk uh very basics of the uh ESO work. I don't want to dig out uh too deep just because we have, for example, in AppFollow we
have a lot of articles which are directly details getting how to prepare your ASO iteration for
example or how to analyze your traffic right now. I wanted to get the basis for you uh with which you can uh work uh today at evening. So first of all, this is semantic work and our main. task before creating the textual metadata, our basis, our fundament, this is the semantic
core. Usually inside the semantic core we are including all the keywords which we currently
ranking or in your case when uh app is not delivered right now in the App Store which should be potential helpful for us, which should be potential useless. useless, useful. So next one, how we can collect the semantic order? From which one step we should start? We should start to collect the right competitors, just because spying for our competitors,
this is the top priority for us to find out anything. So uh we should, you should go into the App Store or Google Play and on the search line, Here we have a screenshot from the app follow, but everything you can do it manually. But a bit difficult. That's why app follow is existing. If there is no difficulties, I will not have any work. So here you can paste any type of the keyword here. For example, the main feature of your app or the main use case of your app. Checking the categories in your potential categories. which one competitors are potentially more relevant for you, more closer in case of the
existing features and also which was the reference for you. You're pitching the apps, so when you're pitching the apps, everyone is getting my app is
this one for this one. This is a easier pitch for every new product. So, and this way you can collect the proper list of your competitors. The proper list from 10 competitors beyond the one um app store will be okay. And after it, we should find out the keywords where they are ranked by higher. So. the main position of checking our competitors to find out all the competitors, all the
keywords, where they are ranked by higher than top 10. I can share the live demo for you just to find out. I cannot find, cannot share it inside our slides. but I can share it uh here. Here is the app follow and inside the app follow we can find out for any uh app which we
collected the keywords which where they are performing better. So this is the, for example, for the Uber it's all the keywords which are placing here. And this way, I should, if I will present uh any food delivery app, so I will collect all the number of
my competitors and click one by one and see all of their ranked keywords. possibly rank keywords from top 1 to top 10 just because I don't need the keywords where
they are placed in top 15 and top 100. They are not reaching out any downloads from there. are not reaching out any impressions. So based on it, we should exclude them. Also, uh what should I do? You are picking one by one keywords and then uh collect their top 1, top 10 uh keywords
from each one. of the competitor. This way I... why what is the reason why you want to know what keywords they're doing well in? Is it is it because you want to go after those yourself or is it because you want to like
avoid those because they're already being taken by the really, you know, big competitors? So we have the pretty similar target audience with them. Not especially with the food delivery, but any niche. If you are picking directly competitors which are 100 % relevant for you, it means that
your potential target audience with them is similar. And if you're their... uh target audience is uh going through these search results, it means that your potential
audience are going there. And from these keywords, you can separate words uh which are branded keywords, just
because, of course, everyone who are Googling, who are searching the UB reads will be download UB reads. It's nothing. uh Yeah. So you should... what I'm thinking what I'm wondering though is like like s one of my apps is a like
ambient noise type app, right? Uh if I looked at the big competitors, it'd like, you know, Calm or Headspace, these like
big companies, they're probably locking up terms like white noise or some of these really obvious generic terms and they probably spend a lot of money and have big teams
dedicated to locking that down. Does it make sense for me to like target those or should I look for opportunities where
they're not going after words that I think are pathways in and it might be easier for me to to compete there? So all the keywords are divided into big sub keywords categories. This is the head tail keywords, mid tail keywords and long tail keywords. For example, white noise uh right now, this is the head tail keywords. Our task here to dig out. to find out inside the semantic core for each one keyword for example for delivery. uh The keywords which built will be long tail for us for example delivery apps for
something or white noise for babies. It might be like this if you are uh relevant for the white noise for babies it will be
easier to you to rank by for this one keywords for the long tail keywords. um usually using the long tail keywords to reach out the head tail keywords just because as
you told before if you're going there someone like a Duolingo is placing every learn English keywords exactly. So what do you mean what does long tail keyword mean then to you? Is that literally it's long or is it just it's not as competitive because it's a little
more esoteric? is the keyword with the appendix. example, like in a delivery app. Nope, this is not good. Present. Wait a sec. Delivery app. to make money, for food for example, for drivers, for courier. uh And here you can find out that we have here appendix which are categorizing our
delivery app. The same one thing with the uh white noise, the same one thing with any of the apps. You paste in your main problem and then after it of course it will be appendix for any of
the part of the apps just because you will create the unique app. So you will have some unique feature there. uh based on those long tail keywords you can research which type of the apps currently
exist, how they are succeeding or not. And there is some niches where there is not uh any possible top competitors. Like you told the giant like Calm or Headspace, they are giant. and if we're going, I don't know, for the some apps for the weather to the Gulf. It might be of course much much better and the ESO will be I think the magic wand for them
just because there is not a lot of audience but uh they wanted to be visible and oh of course they should pay attention for ESO even they are not compete with some kind of tier
1 companies on their field. This is how it looks like. I don't know if I answered it or not, but... yeah, yeah. I think that answers my question. I I I I'm also doing that thing where I'm supposed to be, you know, hosting a show and now
I'm just sitting here like, what can I do with my own app here? 'Cause like uh I've not thought specifically the way that you're talking about the the
appendix kind of thing in your keywords. I dunno I've never really thought through that. I've gone after different terms. Um, but I've never really thought of like, yeah, white noise for babies, like adding that
in there. But you've y in your experience, there is a decent amount of opportunities in those those
types of of keywords. is the only way right now to grow for any new app, just because every day uh in the App
Store launched thousands and thousands of wipe coding apps. uh It was not uh like this a year ago and the competitorship between them is pretty high. Based on it, you should rely on to your ASO your first task to describe your app to place
your app on shelf this way that your user and the app store algorithm understand it clearly. This is the abstractive way to understand what is the ASO. So I'm the merchandiser inside the Walmart. So I'm trying to put the uh product on the right shelf, on the right place. In this way, these all tools are helping me to discover it. of course, based in starting uh with the long tail keywords for the any new app without
any uh big budgets, without any free uh 40k oh of user acquisition cost per week. oh Of course it will be hard. uh from the huge keywords which are lower in case of the popularity but you can reach out it
and you can try to uh ranked on the midtail, hardtail keyword which existing on this longtail keywords uh higher it means that the algorithm step by step iteration by
iteration can understand you more and can place you higher and higher and uh can help you to reach out more organic downloads at all. Yeah. And I also relevant to this, I think, is something that I know I'm guilty of, and I feel
like a lot of people in our space also like people who understand how search works at a technical level and kind of grew up in the sort of Google being good at Google, we don't
tend to s like the way we search for things is we'll use like small phrases, you know, white noise, ambient noise, whatever. But the way a lot of normal people use app stores, Google Play Store and Apple's app store is that it's a solution box. Like, I need to fix my my toilet. They will like type that phrase and like look for an app, maybe not that exactly
situation, but like they are going in and typing into that search box like the problem that they want solved, and they want an app that solves that problem. And so it always surprises me the phrases that people will put in there. Uh In decent numbers. And those I feel like are the opportunities for us, like you're saying, without the big
budgets, to find like, hey, there's a shelf that people are going to typing in this specific phrase. There isn't something just sitting there ready for them right there. If if your app fits that, which is I mean another part of this, uh, then that is a that is
like a good opportunity for for us like smaller developers to kind of compete and get eyeballs, basically. Yeah, just get the use case what I did when I started uh my ASO experiments. First of all, I came to my wife and get the uh phone for her and told her please find out
the app. I don't know from the uh fitness tracker. I need to find out fitness tracker. Do this. And I saw the flow how to how she do it. and also inside the we have suggestions so if i wanted to get food delivery uh This is the same one as will be on the device. So if we paste food delivery here will be the food delivery suggestions. And this is the words which regularly typed when you collect the food delivery inside the
search line. So this way you can go into the food delivery simulator or for food delivery app. And after you're clicking, for example, for the food delivery here will be the uh such type of the search results. So based on it I found out that Suggestions currently is ruling all this stuff uh in case
of the how uh people find out the keywords. All of these uh words, this is the keywords, this is the existing keywords from the the
sets of the apps. uh In the App Store it is limited. by the App Store database. So based on it, currently you can find out that for example, they're using here food
delivery, food delivery, food delivery, food and groceries. And from those combinations of the words inside the title and subtitle, I can prepare
something which I be similar to them, but... uh solving my problem, my use case of the app. This is how looks like. And also I wanted to get some words about the prioritization just because we a bit stuck
in case of our theoretical part with the long tail, mid tail, etc. So we have in app follow in other solutions it will be something similar but I will today discover the upfollow just because
I'm working on upfollow and I love upfollow it's pretty useful for me I'm working with the only this tool for the uh last six years. So we have here the popularity score, difficulty score and effectiveness score. Those two scores uh helps us to prioritize the keywords. When we collect I don't know 200 of keywords we have to do something to prioritize them. So first of all we should go into the most popular keywords. For example I will sort the table and most popular keyword will be Amazon. It means currently this is the number between 0 and 100 where 0 means no traffic at all. No one will hear. uh And 100 means this is the overcrowded keyword. Of course the Amazon number one. But is it relevant? Not. uh Difficulty score. This is the second score for you uh to prioritize the keywords. This is also number from 0 to 100, where 0 means if I add this keyword inside my title, it
will be very easy to be uh higher than top 10 ranked. For example, there is only 9 apps which are ranking for this keyword. Why not? You will rank it by there higher. And 100 means never. It will be impossible. Don't try. Don't even try to add Amazon on your title. There's YuYu. So this way we have to get the balance between popularity and difficulty. So based on it, we are creating the effectiveness score which showing us the most popular
keyword with the last number of difficulty. So here you can ask me, so I can put only all of these keywords inside my title or
something else. And uh it will be stonks. Nope. So uh first of all, of course you will have here the most effective keywords for for Uber
Eats right now. Delivery and it will be uh pretty good for them. But the problem is uh not all of these keywords are as used for the to be placed on the
title and subtitle, for example, in the App Store or for the metadata uh for Google. in common, just because it's abandoned to mention the brand names inside your visible part
of the metadata. Everyone can sue you, uh even if don't see it, Google Play or App Store will reject your
uh app and that's it. So, we should prioritize the keywords with the highest number of the effectiveness,
generic for us, which are describing uh the problem. But not a brand and also uh pretty relevant for us if we are clicking on any of these
keywords if uh there will be on top 10 our directly competitor so it might be relevant for us just because the ranking is a ladder when the user are voting by their download by the
clicking get on the app. So number one uh app is generating more traffic than others on this keyword. just because this is branded keyword. usually if it's not a branded keyword, uh also it will be the ladder of the downloads. So based on that, if you have the target audience on this keyword, why not, you should not
pick this keyword and to not prioritize them. I told Everything. This is the... We speak about 15 minutes, which is pretty hard, first of all, to understand and second
one to do without any experience. uh And this is not the place which we can do easily. So I can stop here. I will review... uh Yep. Review that... uh we have three main KPIs as a popularity difficulty and effectiveness. But also we have the easy way and easy way for everyone who are currently white coding. I'm white coding a lot. So we have the Apollo MCP connector. uh And every all of this data which I showed you, can create your account and based on it
you can uh install the toolkit or connect it directly with the cloud. uh And uh yeah, there is some use cases. For example, you can buy the uh discussion inside the chat. You can find out your competitors. This is what we talked before how to pick your relevant competitors. Here you can find out the list of, I don't know, show me 100 of my competitors and then
and get the intent uh higher element or lower element those competitors saw me. Now it will be more easier than going to the interface which you never saw uh to produce
anything. Next one, uh everything about the ASO. You can check in the performance of any uh of the tool or you can and the semantic core please find out all I created the based on my competitors which I
added please collect the semantic core which conclude me higher relevant keywords for me uh which are mostly generic separated from the branded and show me the list so and this is
will be the use case how to start the ASO absolutely easy two steps uh creating the account inside the app follow connecting with the MCP with your uh or uh agent or something else and it will be working right now right here. I absolutely dreaming about it 8 years ago just because I am trying all these SaaS
businesses currently not currently but previously uh in 2019 was pretty not uh friendly in case of the UI and you should try all of them how to do it teach from the bottom from the
end of the new tool so currently is the easiest way to dive into the ASO and find out this. And I wanted to share with uh any of our participants who are here on the streams the
checklist for just an evening. It will be spending, I don't know, couple, one hour. Okay, one hour for you. So, uh you should create the list of 3-5 pretty relevant competitors which will be higher
relevant for you, for the use cases, the something what they do, what features they have. uh Second one, collect at least 100 of keywords. Don't worry branded, non-branded, at least 100 keywords will... help you to start to collect your semantic code, to start to collect your metadata sets. This way you can start to... Prepare with your chatbot for example the full description do not forget about the full
description that you have to describe the use cases there including keywords but placing the use cases just because it's parsing by the AI and it will be increasing your geo performance etc etc. And based on all of the stuff which you will prepared you can uh complete the metadata set
and it will be uh easier for you in the future. And I think that's it. I think everyone is so bored right now. Hey guys, we'll go into the chat. No, so uh you haven't seen I probably the conversation happening, but there uh there's
some weird audio technical issue on YouTube specifically, which is where most of our comments come in. Uh so we've been booting peop telling people to go out to Twitter or LinkedIn. And I am following the chat and there actually is quite a bit of chat, but I haven't seen
questions coming in. Uh so if you're on Twitter or LinkedIn or on our Discord, feel free to ask questions and
bring those in and I'll I'll bring in. Um Maybe since we have uh we have a little bit of extra time here, what do you think about
doing a l like live demo of app follow where you kind of roast uh maybe you just roast one of my app's ASO and just like look at it and see, yeah, yeah. Just to give a real world example. Um and if somebody is listening and they want him to do the same thing for your app, uh
throw it in Twitter and I'll Maybe grab one of those. But for to start, uh, if you want to just demo dark noise, uh in or demo app follow and
look at my app is called Dark Noise. Um and see just to give I I feel like it it's really helpful to see an example, like a
more concrete example that isn't a major bland brand. dark noise. Mm-hmm. So I will create one more workspace. So based on it, your key country is the United States. s sorry, say that I was saying something in the Twitter chat d where you asked me a
question. No props. This is your keyword, this is your brand, which is... This is... Okay, let's add them for the Google Play you currently don't have. Title. Okay. uh grabbed my name on Google Play, which was actually one of my like life goals. I always wanted somebody to copy my app on Google, because it felt like, you know, it was
legitimizing. So that's fun. Although it looks like it might just be unrelated. Okay, green brown noise, brown noise? Brown noise is very popular, actually. Uh it's a lower frequency. My three classes of the... So I've collected your app and some random apps. I don't know what is this. So based on it inside the app follow we can find out first of all how you are performing. We should go into the hour app page and see uh here will be the everything what we
collected. I will update just because I've used yeah, I have app follow. I get I get slack uh I get slack notifications whenever uh my app's featured somewhere. I don't see currently any scores. means that, yeah. haven't used yeah, it it's just like a automated Slack thing uh that I've had for a long,
long time. No props. Let's find out for your computers if there are anything from here. I will describe you how it looks like and oh what we can measure here. and after uh you will duplicate it on your app. So here will be definitely copy of our webpage with all the stuff, but we should pay
attention for our main potential growth points. This is our app reputation index. We build this index to find out are we good or not inside the ASO. So uh zero. about the ASO. for uh the overall performance of course but uh what I should push here we will describe only ASO. Of course the ratings and reviews performance is included here and we are checking here
the uh average rating, average rating by the reviews, how you are responding to the feature reviews, all of this stuff, but let's pay attention for uh such thing which we can
uh fix on to go. For example, if the app reputation is low we can um change something. This number is based on three parameters, ratings and reviews, I told before, store info,
where we collect the uh last update data, uh last featured data in category child ranking. So, and those three parameters currently uh on their app, uh mostly in the critical part. So they have not updated two years and a half. It's a lot for all our clients. app, to be clear, where I'm looking at a competitor. yeah. Do you see how you are better than your competitors? Also, feature inform. Do not forget to apply to the feature. Even if you have low number of the uh daily downloads or something like this, do not
forget to work with the feature. This is absolutely... everybody listening, this is the App Store features. So in App Store, I don't know if Google Play has the same kind of thing, but I know in App
Store Connect, you can on the left sidebar, there's a like nominate your app, I think is what it's called. And you can fill a little form to say, I have an update coming or a new app coming, and
you can describe it for the app store editorial team to say, Hey, you should consider featuring my app in some lists or something. Um and that That can go a long way. Uh it certainly goes a long way for my app, uh, in terms of getting on some of those
lists. I knew some gaming apps which I can't reach out for years in the future but when they
started they can't. uh This is like a heroine but for the apps with the good reasons of course. uh and the category chart ranking here. Also we are checking the ASO and search visibility performance. Where is the full fulfillment of title and subtitle, total number of rank keywords and
search visibility score. Total rank keywords are showing us total number of keywords where your app is presenting
right now. It doesn't matter how popular is those keywords. It doesn't matter in which one position you stay in first on 150 first. So uh every of those keywords will be collecting. But to find out the valuability of those keywords we created search visibility score which
based on the number of keywords which are ranked by higher than top 10 and get the popularity score higher than 5. So the more popular keywords you will get on the tops then higher you will stay. I will try once more. uh I wanted to see your performance and you also want to people throwing their apps in the in the chat too, so we could try those too. Yes, we'll find out. If I'm Nope, currently. you use your app, uh it has to like build that that index. Yes, first time when you're adding your app inside the workspace uh and uh those if you
are using the free plan uh some of the parameters will be not collecting. uh That's why I am uh suggesting for everyone who are using it. Start the trial from the team plan. You don't need to connect any uh cards or something else. and you can enjoy the capability of the ASO uh inside the app follow for the 10 days. try uh an app that Justin threw in here. So I'll give you the letters if you whenever you're ready, because I don't know how to
pronounce this. So I can just tell you each letter. Uh it's was oh, that's in the YouTube chat, but you could do that one too, the try drawy
or dry AR. I can see, yep. So let's edit. And yeah, that looks like probably it. Yep. So let's move back and let's see. Four ratings. And yep, calc ratings. Yeah, probably most of these it's gonna be it's gonna have to calculate the the index
'cause we didn't do it ahead time. We should do we should do this. I see some chat in Twitter, but uh we should definitely do something like this uh
explicitly. Like we've done like paywall roofs before. It'd be fun to do one with with ASO. uh By the way, uh we uh are doing the uh live app audits and the main problem of the live
audits is uh there is a lack of the uh participants who wanted to share their apps. So please subscribe on our pages or something else where we can find out the data and we
can connect it. app audits when uh I will uh find out each of our of your apps and describe it uh on the
big panel. Yeah, same one thing. event. Sorry, I wasn't fully understanding that. uh So, uh this is not the event which was announced, but twice per year we are getting the
inside the app follow, are getting the app audit webinar. When we are sending everyone who wants to participate, please share with us uh your apps
and I'm on the live, I'm preparing all the apps uh which are getting the audit. And then... uh describing everything what happened on my screen on live. Where where can people like subscribe to that? Is that like your YouTube channel or something? I think that's our LinkedIn page, uh app following LinkedIn page. Let I get one more time. Maybe something calculated. No, not right now. Sorry, sorry. bummer. Okay. Well, I threw you on the spot for that. so that is understandable. Um by the way, if you need to find out everything regarding your featuring, here you can
click on the featuring and here will be the all the featured. you got featured. You got featured on the September 5th, on the August 15th. ah And currently it is also ongoing on the apps featuring on the apps page. You were featured there. And also... I uh I used App Follow for is uh tracking those features. Cause like you mentioned, those are very valuable. events? Are you using the inept events? I have the rumor. but I I have not been, not for that app anyway. Uh but yes, I definitely should be using those. Store it is less performing, but for the Google Play uh some game developers told me that
they are generating 80 % of their new organic traffic from the featured in-app events inside the Google Play. So you can promote not uh just the regular app, but your in-app events which are going
inside the app. And uh just because the feature in there is highly personalized, it will be targeting on
your targeted audience and the conversion rate from those promotion from the in-app events higher than the the usual feature. Cool. All right. Well, we are at time. Here, I'll share my uh my little final slides here. So this Friday is the last live stream, which feels insane to say. It does not feel like we're we're actually at the end, although I'm sure everybody
frantically trying to get uh updates through app review absolutely feels like we're that close to the end. So yeah, so this Friday we'll do like a final AMA. Bring all of your questions. Uh we'll just be kind of hanging out and talking about uh the Shippitan at large and and
answering any of your questions before we get to the end. Um and that is it. Thank you everybody for joining. And thank you, Yaroslav, for uh for hosting. That was excellent. Thank you. It was a pleasure to be here. Bye everyone. Bye.