All right, we are live. How's it going, David? >> Great. Sorry, I was mute. >> You were on mute. You were ready for me to go on to a nice long a little bit of buffer at the beginning. >> Uh because uh not everybody's, you know, in right away. So, I kind of uh vamp for for a minute. >> Yeah. I thought you had all that stuff to cover. So, I was like, I'll just mute myself for the first 20 minutes while Charlie goes over all the exciting news. >> No, that's fair. That's fair. >> There is It is almost like uh we do like a newscast at the beginning of these now because there's >> there's so much uh like shipan news around the world uh in a way. So, we we do have we do have a bunch uh going on there. So, uh I'll go ahead and I guess kick that off then. So, first I'll introduce who we are. So, I am Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate uh here at Revnikat and self-proclaimed captain of the shipon. And with me is David Barnard uh who is my my counterpoint, the growth advocate. You sort of do the same thing I do on the sort on the more like business growth side of things. Is that an accurate way to to say it? >> Yeah, it's great. You just made up a BS title for me because developer advocate fit less and less over the years. So, I joined Revenue as the developer advocate, but I'm not. >> That's right. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was the OG, but it just it kind of never made sense for me to have that title. Um, >> so yeah, we just made up a title, growth advocate, because and that's a great way to describe it. I do everything you do except I go to growth conferences instead of developer conferences and I do a podcast about growth instead of uh uh development. And and yeah, it's like this uh parallel universe. Yeah, exactly. With a lot of overlap uh obviously, but >> yeah. And then uh so this uh all of the webinars we do a Q&A and so you can ask questions in the Discord. Uh there's a channel in there called Chipeton live stream. So you can throw questions in there. If you're in the webinar uh livetorm webinar setup system, whatever you want to call that, um there is a question section. So I'd prefer if you put your questions in there if you're in here. Um, you can also throw them in the chat, but sometimes they'll get buried if lots of people are talking. So, the question section is the better place for that. Um, this session in particular is extremely Q&A focused. Um, rather than it being a like uh, you know, sit down, here's a talk on how to price things. It's it's a lot more driven by the questions you all ask. And we we sort of seated it with a bunch of questions that both of us get asked all the time um, as well. So, that's kind of the idea. So really looking for audience participation on this one. So please throw out all your questions. I know pricing is one of the most common uh questions especially on the like indie side. Well not especially on the indie side on all across the spectrum. It's kind of one of the most difficult things to sort of figure out um and daunting feeling things to figure out. So please throw me your questions. Um but like I said earlier this we've got a bunch of shipon news in the world. So let's start with that. So to start uh we have a new sponsor. So uh Mobin, if you're familiar with them, uh they are joining as a uh sponsor of the shipon. So they have um they've offered uh three months free to join our shipkit. So you'll see in the discord um and I think everybody should get an email during this this webinar um with details on how you can uh how you can grab that. So Mobin is a platform for uh looking at basically looking at app design. So instead of downloading a thousand apps and like signing up and running through and looking at screenshots of how did they handle a now playing screen, how did they handle a payw wall, they have captured a whole bunch of screenshots and cataloged it. Um I've actually been a Mobin user since the very beginning of when I became an iOS developer, which as I recently learned was like a year after they they started. So I've been using Mobin for a really long time and I highly recommend them. And hopefully you all can hear this, but we have a message from the CEO that I'm going to play and start yelling at me in the chat if there's no audio and we'll just skip it. Um, but I'm just going to go ahead and play this. >> Hi, I'm J, co-founder and CEO of Modern. We are thrilled to be part of Shipathon because it is all about building, shipping, and creating value. The very mindset we live by here at Mob. Before starting Min, I was a mobile app designer and developer just like many of you. And I know how daunting it can be at the start of a project, especially when you are staring at a blank Figma canvas unsure where to begin. And that's exactly why we built Modern back in 2018. And fast forward to today, we are the largest library of real world app design inspiration, helping designers, developers, and product teams find relevant design ideas and references to make the design process more efficient and far less intimidating. And so throughout Shipathon, I hope modern can be your go-to companion for design inspiration. And I can't wait to see what you guys will create over the next month. Cheers. Hi, I'm J co-founder and >> there we go. Uh, sweet. So, very excited to have Mobin on board. Um, and definitely recommend utilizing them, especially for paywall design. That's actually one of the things I still use them the most for. Um, but also when there's like a tricky UI problem that I know other apps have solved and I'm like curious how they dealt with a certain issue that I'm dealing with. Super super good uh resource. So, recommend checking them out. And like I said, uh you should get an email with the details on how to redeem that soon. Oh, and uh our technical team wanted me to point out that if you have opted out of our emails, you won't get those obviously. So, uh if you're not getting your Shipkit emails, you might want to go in and like turn those back on at least for now. Like I get not wanting those, but uh if you if you want to get email information about the Shipkit stuff, uh you'll have to have those turned on for now. All right, so moving on to uh the world of Shipton here. So there's a bunch of build-in public content out there uh as always and I want to just kind of highlight a couple of those. So the first here is uh Chris Krueger. He is uh building an app called I forgot the name of it. It's a it's a like mindfulness app. Um, and he he's been posting this cool like uh particle effect that he built uh during the timer whenever you're supposed to be being mindful and if you tap on it like the particles kind of separate out. He built that with compose multiplatform which is also very interesting to me. Um actually we have a webinar with the Jet Brains team next week to talk about that. So maybe we'll maybe we'll bring this one up again then. Uh but that one's really cool. Uh Flynn Codes, he's doing uh some cool stuff over on Masttodon. He's building an app for uh it's like a a trails app called Paw Trail for I believe it's for doing trails with your dogs. Um and it's kind of more oriented towards that. And then uh Shubham Singh, I'm probably pronouncing that wrong. Sorry. He is building this crazy app uh called Spark that essentially is just a big list of extremely cool animations and cool things that he built with Swift UI. and you can like click on them all and see how they work and then you can look at the code on how we generated that. So that's one that I really recommend following what he's doing if for no other reason to steal his ideas uh because he's sharing those kind of uh publicly. So that's that's a really cool one for for app developers. And then uh Shipaton IRL events that are happening. So we've got a bunch happening next week actually. So on Tuesday there's two. So, uh, actually I kind of have these out of order, I guess, based on time zones, but the first one I have here is in Insanus, uh, in California. So, that we have a bunch of revenue cats that are going to be there, including our co-founder and CTO, Miguel. Uh, that one's going to be super fun. Uh, Shipet Club in Berlin is also on Tuesday, and that one will also have a bunch of Revenue Cap people there. Um, so that'll be super fun. And then uh in Melbourne in Australia, they're doing an event on Wednesday night that's like a coding night where you can kind of get together and work on your projects and you know help each other out. So definitely uh check those out and if you're interested in hosting one of these like they're it's really starting to take off. In fact, if you're in India, we just added a bunch of events in India and I think even more coming. So keep your eye out for that. Um, but if you're interested in hosting them, there is a Discord channel called Meetups. Uh, and go in there and see like if anybody else is interested, if you want to co-host something with somebody or try and find your local community and convince them to to do an event. Uh, they're really fun as people have started doing these. And like we've mentioned before, there is a bunch of really cool Revenue Cat swag. In fact, I have like just this morning, I have like boxes of shippies. Uh if you've seen these, they're in bags, but look at that. Uh so these we're sending these out to people. So if you're interested in the famous Revenue Cat swag, uh definitely definitely try to get a Shipon IRL event going in your area. All right, so David, uh you can come off mute now. We can actually uh get to the get to the meat here. Uh let's talk about how to decide when and how much to charge for your app. So, pricing for mobile apps. Uh, and like I said, please ask questions. I can already see there's some questions coming in. Um, I'm going to go through some of the ones that we've preceded here and then, uh, and then I'll get to the questions that you guys are asking. So, please keep them coming and obviously respond to what we're talking about. So, the first one, uh, this one comes from Discord from Bob Mosh. Uh, he asked, "How do you recommend how to decide on a price? What's a good process to get uh to get to a point where it's sustainable and will work for the customer as well? Also, since pricing is very value dependent on the value the app is providing, how do you determine the perceived value of the product? Kind of the same question. So, I'll let you kick it off. That's kind of the the the broad overarching question I think that everybody starts with. >> Yeah, I I've been trying to think how to um make things more concrete. It's like we could almost spend like five hours on the philosophy of pricing and like pricing theory and all those kinds of things. And I'm I'm far from an expert on pricing, but I feel like I've made enough mistakes, been in the industry long enough, and have seen enough things to to point people in the right direction at least. Um, so I don't know that there is a good process to figure out a price because it it it really just depends. I mean, the process is really thinking through what your goal is. So this person's goal is for it to be sustainable. So, you know, for this person, I don't know if that means sustainable like you want to make a thousand bucks a month as a side project or sustainable like you want to be a full-time indie. Um, and those are ultimately, you know, two different goals. Um, and and then you have, you know, venture-backed apps that their goal is to be a billion-dollar company. And you have um, you know, lifestyle businesses where the goal is to like have an amazing and Emanuel Crevisia is a great example of this. It's like, you know, I don't think he'll ever take funding. He's making great money, really enjoying building the app. Like he he makes every time I talk to him, if you don't know my >> What's that? >> I was just saying he makes the app Card Pointers. Uh if you don't already know who he is, >> um every time I talk to him, it's just like it just seems like he's just living his best life. Um and that and so, so it really depends on your goal exactly how you're going to price. And I say that because I would default to a lower price if you're if you're early and just like trying to see what the market is like, what the market will bear, you're not depending on this to um you know feed your family and stuff like that. Like if this is you know it sounds like this is maybe a side project and you want to build it up. Um, so to this specific question, just just start with something. Just price it. And and um and probably start on the lower end. And here's why. It's that especially in the in the early days as you're figuring out product market fit, figuring out what people actually value, how much they value it, and everything else. Um, it's just kind of easier like make people feel good. Like leave money on the table. um leave surplus for your customers so that they um you know feel like they're getting a great deal, not just a good deal. Uh I mean, you know, in some ways it might even be nice for the customers to be like, "Wow, like like your app is cheap. Like this is great. I'm getting a great deal." Like, you know, the sentiment around pricing is is complicated. Um but but ultimately, you know, as you move towards sustainability and you've proven out people will pay something for the app, then it does start to get tricky because ultimately you really do need to price test. So whether that and then you need to also in in this process of figuring out exactly what you will charge even if you are going to charge on the lower end there are al all sorts of tools like then westendor price uh analysis conjoint analysis like there's all these tool I'm not an expert on any of these um but you can run these kind of tests and you know talk to users and all that that it's a ton of work so you know this is again what's your goal if you're you know a manual and you know this is your full-time time job now. Maybe it is time for him to do this kind of analysis and get a little more sophisticated about his pricing. I believe he's done some AB testing. Um but but maybe there's like a little bit more sophisticated ways that he can think about it. If you're um a VC funded app and you have a big team and you're trying to get that billion dollar outcome, you sure as hell better be doing all of these different tests and really understanding exactly how people think about your app, the value they're creating. uh I mean the value you're creating in their lives and and that perception of value is so tricky. Um and I know it's just thinking as as Charlie was talking you know thinking all the different things that we could talk about today. Um, I'll bring Charlie into this conversation and say I am simultaneously impressed and jealous that his app, Dark Noise, is priced at $20 a year and is a great, you know, side hustle for him. And I say that because I work on a weather app where I have a ton of expenses. It's a super complicated app and I'm charging $40 a year and getting tons of complaints about the price at $40 a year for this like data inensive super complex app that we've been working on for seven years and you know Charlie side project app and I mean Charlie not to take away anything that you've worked on like >> no it's a it's a it's a >> fly by night snake oil salesman over here >> great user experience like you know Charlie did so many things right, but ultimately it's a much and you worked really hard on the sounds. Like you went out with a microphone and like recorded sounds and you have the sound mixer. Like there's a lot to the value that you're creating. So I don't like I don't mean for this to take away from that at all, but you have zero server cost. You you know you you are able to kind of tinker on it on the side. It's not a big complex app. But but here's the thing. People don't know how much I pay for weather data. They don't care. They get the weather for free from Apple. Um, they don't know how complex the app is. They don't know how expensive mapping data is. So, the value that you're delivering and creating has nothing to do with the time you're putting in, the cost it takes you to um to deliver that value. what users perceive as valuable is incredibly complex and you need to to recognize that in how you think about your uh specific category, your specific vertical, your specific app. Um, and you have to not let yourself get too caught up in um your own cost structures, your own um work that you put into it thinking that a more sophisticated app demands a higher price. It doesn't necessarily. you could demand a lower price um just depending on the value you're actually delivering competitors and all those other things. And then I'll say I'll say one more thing and I think we're going to get into this maybe in a in a little more detail, but um competitor analysis is tricky on the app store because in some ways you think of like the app store is so crowded. There's a million weather apps, there's a million um white noise apps and um there's like a million apps for everything now. Um, and so in some ways it it functions like a commoditized market in that there's so many options you would expect the prices to be driven to zero, but it doesn't really operate like a commoditized market because people there's not like a it's not like a grocery store where there's five different options for tomato sauce and there's an organic that's going to be priced a little more and there's a store brand that's going to be priced the least and then some, you know, in between all of that and you're just going pick one off the shelf and go >> and the prices are sitting right next to each other. I think that's one of the big differences, too. >> Yeah. People don't shop for apps like that. So, as much as you think, okay, I need to do this big competitor analysis. I need to look at what other apps are charging. Um, I don't think that needs to factor into your decision as much as you think. Except for, and this is another thing that's that I hate myself for building a weather app is that um, in certain categories like weather, people will pay for multiple apps because they're weather nerds. And that's honestly the target market for my app is weather nerds. Well, guess what? Weatherers know what other weather apps cost and they do think about the price of all the different weather apps and I've gotten feedback of like, hey, I pay for this weather app and it's less expensive than yours and it has these three features that yours doesn't have. Um, most apps don't have that kind of price comparison shopping um in in the way consumers perceive value and think about the price of your app. Most apps don't. People are like, "Hey, I need a scanner app." They download a scanner app and they're like, "60 bucks a year? Okay, I scan a lot. That's probably worth it." And maybe a few will go like look at 10 different scanner apps and like pick based on price and features and stuff, but it's not generally how people shop. And then secondarily, um, a lot of apps are getting pre most of their, um, most of their downloads from paid acquisition. And with paid acquisition, you pretty much have to have a higher value app and a higher price in order to be able to get a return on that ad spend. So when you see one scanner app at like $120 a year and another one at $30 a year, it's probably less about the exact value that they're delivering. Like there's probably some equal amount of value that they're going to deliver to the customers who download and pay for that app. Um but that scanner app at 120 a year is running a ton of ads and they're getting the people who aren't price shopping. They're just getting the people that they're able to attract through the Facebook algorithm or whatever. And so, >> and they came straight through. So, they didn't do any they didn't even look at other ads or apps. >> Exactly. And so, when you're doing your price, if you do any level of price competitive analysis, that's part of what you need to understand. It's like, how in the world is this scanner app charging $10 a week or $120 a year or, you know, how in the world is this, you know, and Charlie probably looks at the white noise category. There are some white noise apps charging 20 bucks a month, 10 bucks a week, um, you know, $80 a year. You know, some of them have a little more sophisticated um, binaural beats and some of them have other features or whatever, but but what you are able to see on the surface level of, oh, here are the four features this app has. This is the price, like that's not the whole story. And I think, you know, if you have a ton of organic reach, get featured by Apple a lot and those kind of things, you could probably get away with that lower price, if you're pushing heavy on paid spend and you want to grow your app through paid spend, you're probably going to have to have a pri higher price to sustain that. Um, and then you we could talk about uh retention and the impact of prices on retention and like there there's so many factors to think about on all this. So, I'll I'll stop my monologue here and then we can go through each of these different um things to think about in in the form of questions. >> Yeah, I I'll just say two things uh on top of that as the definitely less expert uh here. uh and you basically touched on this but like the point in this question about getting to the point of sustainability. I think it's really important to note that uh the cost of goods is completely irrelevant from price in the customer's mind and that's how you need to think about it. Um, so it really is about figuring out what the customer what the value is to the customer. And if the cost of goods is more than like if it ends up costing you more per customer than them paying you, you need to change the app to find ways to add value that don't increase your cost of goods. >> Yeah. And just to interrupt real quick there, Charlie. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> There are a ton of AI apps right now that are losing money because their cost of goods is so high. And so even when you think, oh, chat GPT is charging 20 bucks a month, they're losing money on a lot of their customers, they're losing money over like hand and foot overall as a business. So even when you're looking at competitor pricing, you don't understand those like actual cost of goods. So even when your cost of goods are high and the value you're delivering is high, there's also those factors that there's there's other apps losing money right now because AI is so expensive to deliver. Yeah. And that that goes into my other point which is you talked about competitor analysis is is tricky um because there's so many factors. But I do think I do think one thing that you can do, you know, if you're an indie coming out with an app, you're not going to spend two weeks running price tests by doing interviews with people. You just need to pick a price and move on and then you can do price testing later. So, if you're in that stage, I do think a really smart thing to do is do competitor analysis. find the the big apps that or or small apps, but but apps that seem to be successful and see what they're doing with pricing because a lot of them are doing a lot of price testing. So, you can at least get a starting point from them, but to David's point he just made, think about what the app is. You want to make sure you're comparing to apps that are not these like uh growth mode VC funded apps because a lot of them maybe are just completely losing money. You want to look for the apps that at least based on what you can ascertain are profitable apps that they've reached some sort of, you know, uh equilibrium on price that they think is good for them to maximize profits. And then maybe you undercut them, especially if you're gonna um if you're going to try and do like uh what's the word I'm looking for? You are marketing kind of against them. Um if that's a thing that you're doing, but yeah, you can use them as an example at least to get started. Um all right, I'll move on to the next question. Uh we are not going to have a hard time uh filling this time slot. Sorry, John. >> So here, let's see. Let's look at the next one here. So this one's coming from Mastadon. Uh they said they're looking at having uh both a subscription and a lifetime unlock. What factors are useful to help determine the ratio between them? For example, lifetime is three times annual, two times 10x. What do you think? >> Well, this actually brings in a whole another can of worms that I will try not to get into, but I am I am decreasingly a fan of Lifetime. Um and and and Charlie can speak to this a little because he he's made this decision with uh Dark Noise to charge a lifetime price. um when you deliver value over time and this is just the the magic of the subscription um business model is that if you can truly deliver value over time having people continue to pay you for years for decades you know I am almost a decade into this weather app um I actually had a weather app before this and I I created a new skew for this version but I have people who have been subscribed for almost a decade to this weather app. Now, a weather app, I have costs. I I I um I need to charge via subscription to remain sustainable. The app before and the reason I created a new skew is because it was paid upfront, which you know is kind of the the uh the old man version of Lifetime back when when people would actually pay upfront for an app. And it was just completely unsustainable um because I had those ongoing costs and charging one time just doesn't make sense. And so, so first I I would and we've done podcasts on this, you know, I think we've blog posts. You can search my Twitter handle and and lifetime to to see discussions with other folks on Twitter about this. Um, so first like think hard about whether you really want to do a lifetime unlock. I would personally overall discourage you. You're pulling forward revenue. So if if you want to pull forward revenue um and and getting revenue quickly and having more revenue today is important to you then go for it. Um so then you know my theory then of lifetime is that it is a great tool to help shape the pricing perception of your subscription products. So, I did offer a lifetime in my weather app for a little bit and it was 150 bucks because I was I've been burned before and I am not going to make this cheap. And so that 150 bucks makes the 40 bucks a year look pretty nice um in comparison, but I still had people when I took it away. It's it still shows up as a skew on the app store. And I had people contacting support, let me pay you $150 when I took it out of the payw wall. Let me pay you $150 upfront for your weather app just so I don't have to do a subscription. So there are those people. Um I would heir personally on the side of making the lifetime very expensive of almost like shockingly expensive in order to make your um subscription products look like a better deal. If you actually want to make revenue from your lifetime and you don't have ongoing costs and you you have a good reason to use lifetime, then you know I think Charlie used like two and a half times. So you use $50 for lifetime, $20 a year. What would you what what's your breakdown, Charlie, of of what you're seeing? >> I should know this off the top of my head. I honestly don't remember. I think that's right. I think it's >> Well, I I know the prices, but I was going to say like how much of your revenue is coming from lifetime versus one-time purchase, >> you know? It it really depends on um the moment. So, I I do I get quite a bit of I forgot what you call this type of traffic, but like I get a bit of traffic from, you know, Apple featuring my app in the store. That cohort is extremely different than the cohort that's searching for my app, which is extremely different than the cohort I get from when I get press coverage, which you know I am fortunate enough to get somewhat frequently from time to time. >> The press coverage, uh, those weigh heavily weigh on the lifetime side. Y >> So, which is great because those are like these big, >> you know, poof moments, >> hikes of revenue. >> Yes. And a lot of those are people that based on my current churn rate, and this is where this question asking about 3x versus 2x your life or your annual option kind of comes into play. Based on my churn, uh if I like 3x my annual price, those customers are still actually doing really good. And a lot of times the people who are buying I I don't think and this is this is not me testing. This is me uh you know theorizing on the philosophy of humans, but I don't think a lot of people are doing lifetime because they're like I'm going to use this for life. I think it's it's more of an aversion to subscriptions oftent times or an aversion to having to think about it. It's like you do the expense once, maybe it's a business expense. That's another reason. Uh and then it's just kind of you don't have to think about it anymore. uh that group isn't necessarily a group that's going to be um have a high retention anyway. So sometimes if like you said if you price it very high um you're probably going to be better off acquiring that customer when you would they would have bounced off of a subscription anyway. Um, so in some ways it's just kind of free money with the the big caveat of if the users that become lifetime subscribers, if they stay using your app for 10 years and your app has high per user costs, >> that's that's obviously a problem. Then it then they start to become weight that that costs you money. >> Yeah. >> And that that's why I don't like the LTV calculation in determining your lifetime. that that's why I view lifetime more as a pricing hack than a necessarily like revenue optimization kind of thing because um you don't know unless you have five years of data, you know, are those are those cohorts who come in under the lifetime actually going to stick around? And B, like are they the people who are most excited about your app, most passionate about the problem you're solving? and that's why they're most willing to pay the subscription. And I think there are subscription apps where that's going to be the case. Uh Card Point is is probably a good example. I I don't know. And I I should uh I should dig into this data with Emanuel. Maybe we could do a collab on a blog post or something. Um but I would guess for certain apps that that the people especially if it's like, you know, with my weather app for 150 bucks, it's like you got to be pretty bought into like this is the weather app for me. Um, and so it depends on where where you lie on that spectrum. Is it is it people who are just like hate subscriptions and they're going to turn at the average rate? Is it people who um, you know, just want that upfront, you know, where where do you lie on the spectrum? And then and just doing a multiple of your lifetime value and trying to optimize for that. I think unless you have a lot of data that's not really this it's not a great way to think about it in my opinion but you were I happy to to have some disagreement because I think you do have a a different perspective Charlie. >> Yeah I think uh and somebody just asked the app we keep mentioning it's called Card Pointers. Uh it's by Emanuel Crevisier which is I believe a French last name so I'm probably pronouncing it wrong and it's spelled kind of different. Uh, but card pointers is the app. Um, I like I said, I I don't have good real data. It's a lot of aneic data from talking to people, but I think a lot of times the lifetime unlock is is price insensitivity more than I'm super bought into this app. >> That's a good point. >> Um, >> I could be wrong, but I think that's part of it. And then and then also just an aversion to the sort of mental weight of of a subscription. Um, but yeah, we we could and have privately gone round and round on this. So, I'll let you get your your last thing in because I can see you want to, but then we'll we'll move on because I know I've said my piece and I've said my piece on Twitter and podcast and blog posts and all that. >> So, yes, I I like lifetime unlocks. I think I agree with David though on if you're going to do one um make it make it expensive because at that point you are talking to an audience that's not very price sensitive. Um, and that helps you avoid the problems of the sort of dead weight of of people that are going to be costing you money uh over a long period of time. I will add one more thing and this is something actually I think this is maybe exclusively the way Emanuel uses lifetime and this actually gets to your point Charlie about the when you get press you get a much higher percentage of people taking the lifetime option >> is that um a lot of what Emanuel does is using the lifetime for Black Friday for fourth of July he used it as as like a promotional thing of like hey you would be paying you of six. I think his price now is like maybe 60 bucks a year for the main app. And so then it's like he just makes it this exciting thing of like, hey, limited time special. You can get the lifetime and it is still very expensive, but then it looks good and like I mean he he plays >> and that's probably a group that's less likely to have high retention anyway, >> right? >> Yeah, that's a good point. That's a really good idea. I I've always done the opposite of like maybe I can get those people into a subscription and that makes the price lower which feels better but I never thought about the fact that that group is a group that's way less likely to retain and way more return anyway because they're getting that this year. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Interesting. All right. Uh moving on. So, uh, Rohan in, uh, Discord asks, "Would love to know his theory on why weekly subscriptions have been doing so well recently because they seem counterintuitive pricing wise." >> All right, >> you have you have to go at the 24 minutes, huh? U, we could spend the next 24 minutes with me ranting just on weekly. I am not a fan of weekly pricing. Um, so I'll just get that out of the way. >> I have one caveat. I'll interrupt. I'll get it afterwards, but go ahead. >> Okay. Um, so like Lifetime, I view weekly as primarily a um, pricing hack. Um, the people I've talked to recently who truly actually are having success with weekly are the ones using it as a pricing decoy where by showing a weekly price of like 10 bucks a week, it's making that annual at 60 bucks a year look very favorable so that the annual can say like 90% off or or whatever. um the apps that that you see in the industry and um yeah try not to throw shade. Um um there are a lot of apps in the industry who look to be succeeding with weekly who are not actually succeeding with weekly. And we we actually show this in in the state of subscription apps report and we've looked at this data internally exhaustively over the years is that most of those users turn out at a much much much higher rate than the monthly or the annual. And so weekly is a very shortterm oriented I'm running a bunch of ads. I'm growing my app and I need to get that money back as quick as possible and enough people will forget to turn off autorenew that that 20% are going to pay me $100 and the other 80% are going to pay me less than that but still more than they would have paid me they subscribed annual or week or monthly. Um, and so these apps that you think are succeeding with weekly, it's it's a cashg grab short-term orientation if that's their like primary revenue driver generally. Now, I will caveat again to say that I think there are apps that are worth $5 a week, $10 a week even. And for those apps that are truly delivering that kind of value, uh, Photo Room is a great example. I think they introduced a weekly um, price recently. They're the kind of app that I think for a business who's using it to improve their marketing materials and things like that. I could totally see that being worth $40 a month in in value to the user. And I could see that paying $10 a week is easier to stomach than paying $40 a month in a lump sum. And I I've even heard from folks um inside, you know, Apple and Google that that in their studies of this, there are certain, you know, countries and demographic profiles where it's like they are just kind of like, you know, money hits the bank account on Friday and they love the app um and like they want to keep paying, but it just works for them better. The thing I I personally don't love about that is if your weekly price is like astronomically more expensive than your annual and monthly, then you're kind of just taking advantage of the folks who who >> prefer to pay weekly because of a cash flow issue. Um, so in summary, I think weekly can be a really great I think pricing decoy is like the technical term of like making your annual look so much better, making your monthly look so much better. Um, if you're going to show a payw wall solely with weekly, it's it's about maximizing short-term revenue, not building a long-term sustainable. You know, back to the first question, like if you're trying to build a sustainable business over the long haul, weekly is not a great way to do that because those people who do love your app, they're probably not getting five or $10 a week of value out of it. Therefore, they're don't feel good about it and they're, you know, going to turn unless they forget. And then like, do you want to build your business on just people forgetting to turn off weekly for six months? Personally, I don't. Um, so I would use weekly with caution. I'm I I I won't say that you should never use weekly. Um, but I would use weekly with intent and with a purpose behind why you're using weekly and understanding all the caveats I've shared and probably I could rant another 20 minutes about other caveats around weekly. Yeah, I I think uh I think one exception or maybe not exception but another layer to this is I think it often does layer into your overall pricing strategy in an interesting way depending on certain types of apps. Like the example I always think of is like flighty. uh the idea of you really only care about the premium features of this app during when you're traveling and so it's almost like you're using weekly as a pass. Another example is slopes uh which is like for skiing. It's like uh I think he used to sell passes that were these like one-time purchases and you had to manually kind of track all this date stuff. And it actually simplifies things quite a bit if you just make it weekly and you market it as like a week pass or something like that. Um because what that also can do is it lets you anchor the price to the thing they're doing. So if you're anchoring Flighty, which is like I I'm throwing this out. I don't remember his numbers, but if it's like $6 a week, it's it's probably like $3 a week or something like that. Uh that seems like expensive sort of for an app when people are thinking in app sense sometimes, but if you just bought plane tickets and you're like, would I pay $3 on top of my plane ticket to have a like 10 times better experience while flying? Of course. Like that that's nothing compared to the three, four or $500 that I just paid for these flights. Um I think that is like a useful useful concept. So yeah, especially like travel related things or short-term related things that you're not using all the time. I do think it is a useful >> a useful feature to like layer into your your broader like pricing strategy. >> Yeah. But this gets you back to kind of what kind of business are you building? What are your long-term goals? >> Is that I actually think uh Curtis's week pass works really well in that and I don't know if they still are, but they historically were a one-time purchase where you buy a week pass for this amount of money. Yeah. >> So, you go >> Well, maybe he's back to that. I don't want to I I haven't used it in a little bit, but uh I think he's tried both. Anyway, >> the downside to using the pass concept on a subscription is that if it really is just a one week or two week use case and then people end up subscribed for six months and pay you um you know $300, then then what you're doing is is again you're you're creating a negative sentiment around that. So, in like an ideal world, anybody using a weekly subscription for what Charlie was just describing would use a pass system where you buy one or two week passes. Um, but I totally get that like when you run the numbers and you do the test, you're going to get more revenue if you make it a weekly subscription versus a weekly pass. But then it's just like what kind of business are you building? Um, and and what's your goal in doing that? And if your goal is revenue maximization that weekly, if your goal is like you know building a really great brand like making sure uh you know your customer sentiments amazing that those people are going to come back next year and buy another weekly pass then you probably want the pass not the subscription. Um but again I mean so many factors to think about. Yeah. And the last thing I'll say on that is yes, very much a agree like if you're trying to build a sustainable business, you don't want to you don't want to take advantage of people because that will bring you in short-term profits but hurts you in the long term. I do think one of the weird things with how Apple and Google have created this marketplace is that people's expectations uh for timelmited purchases are that they're subscriptions. And I know people that have built uh custom like non-renewable subscriptions themselves essentially and uh and they just were flooded with negative reviews because people would subscribe in their heads to the oneweek pass and then they go to their subscription list and they couldn't find it and they're like it won't let me cancel. They're not letting me. They of course don't go to customer service. They just immediately do that. So >> there is some weird I there are advantages to just making it simple. Subscriptions are subscriptions. This is how they work. Uh and then use something like one signal or uh uh some sort of simple automation to say, "Hey, for all of your weekly subscribers, send them an email. You could even send them an email every week or once a month or whatever to say, hey, we noticed you're subscribed to weekly. Notice that that's more expensive. We don't want you to be paying when you're not." And that's another possible opportunity for like increasing your customer delight and something like that too. So that's another >> another point there that I I meant to make earlier is that the the other thing we actually have not done this analysis inside revenue. We should uh and then share it as a blog post is that um there is an argument to be made for the weekly being kind of like a paid free trial. And so if so, like in the Flighty and Slopes example, like both of those guys, it's like they're not building a business where they want somebody paying them $500 a year or whatever. Um, a great way to handle that is exactly what Charlie said, but instead of just being like, "Are you sure you want to pay?" Send that email and say like, "Hey, you've been subscribed a couple of weeks, here's a discounted annual subscription." >> Yeah. >> You know, like use it as an opportunity for that kind of delight and to move people to the more retentive subscription that's going to last a long time. And so, so yeah, that's another way to think about the the weekly subscriptions is just as kind of a paid trial. And then again, you can use them even if you are trying to build a a sustainable business and you know, all those kind of things. But then I think there's ways to even make that a great experience by by doing the annual upsale and getting people off monthly. And so the analysis we need to do inside RevenueCat is like what percentage of customers do actually use it that way and migrate from a weekly subscription to a monthly or an annual once they've kind of decided this is for them. Um and I I have no idea. I I won't even guess what those numbers are going to look like, but it would be fascinating to look at. >> Yeah, for sure. Um, I have more questions in the slides, but I've seen a couple questions come up that are kind of around a similar topic here, which is in particular referencing AI apps, but I think this also applies uh this also applies generally to like weather apps or you is how do you how do you approach dealing with uh per user costs essentially like how do you deal with the fact that you know you have all these people that the more users you have it's going to cost you more money. And how do you like do you have a system for calculating what their cost is and trying to price based on that or do you almost ignore that? Like how do you how do you think about those things? I think the the two most straightforward approaches are one for most apps that aren't like AI where you could have one person which I'm like this guy forgot is like I always default to the thinking actually I am paying chat GPT $200 a month. I'm on the pro subscription there. Um but I I use deep research like crazy. I always use the thinking model like you know if you if you have wildly variable uh per user cost then you you do need to think more carefully about this but for most apps like my weather app like even the people who use it every single day they're not costing me like 20 bucks a month they're costing me like a dollar a month. Um, so the the the unit economics of most kind of per subscriber costs are are are favorable enough that you don't need to really worry about people abusing it. Um, so only in cases where people could abuse it would you want to layer on um something. So then the first layer on is probably a premium tier. I mean and this is what I just said about CHBT. So the the first way to address that is to have a premium tier. And I'm actually considering this for my weather app is that some of the most expensive data that we have is the mapping data. And that's actually a great delineation for the kind of prousers that the the two things that cost us more money are um you know Apple's weather data is really cheap. Acue weather and aerys weather data is really expensive and we actually want to add more providers over time. So that's a clear delineation and value that's getting delivered. Oh, you just want Apple weather. That's cheap for us to provide. You know, a lot of users don't care. A lot of users want the Apple weather data. So I can delineate there. The other thing is the mapping data. So I could say like these mapping features are free. These mapping features are more expensive. So therefore, um there's a premium tier where you get all the mapping features for the people who are going in and like looking at the rain of the last 24 hours and animating the radar 10 times a day and stuff like that. Um so I think those are ways you can delineate some of your costs, but again it's like you don't want to overindex on what it costs you. You want to index on like the value you're delivering. So I'd say a lot of apps don't need to worry about it. A lot of apps could solve it just with a premium tier. And then but if your per user costs can wildly vary like with AI, I think the next level up from there is a kind of um limits on the subscription with inapp purchases. And I'm actually a little frustrated with Claude right now because and and this is this is the this is the tension, right? is that I should probably just upgrade to their $100 a month um subscription uh because I keep bumping into the limits and but what's really annoying to me personally is that if they just so I I hit a thing, you know, probably three times a week on Claude of like you cannot use Opus anymore until 7 p.m. tonight. I'm like well >> yeah, >> I'm in the middle of a freaking conversation with you right now. like let me pay three bucks and like let me finish this conversation to get the work done that I'm getting done. Um but for them it's probably more valuable that if I'm hitting that $3 I mean if I'm hitting that three times a week I really belong in their $100 tier. Um but again that's a place where they could potentially layer on hey just buy you know 10 more chats with Opus for three bucks. Uh, and so that I would say you probably shouldn't do. And this is why, you know, I'm frustrated with cloud and I'm complaining here, but they probably shouldn't add that layer of complexity yet when they have that premium tier to push me to. They really should do a better job of like, hey, upgrade to premium. It's only this much more or like you there's ways they could probably upsell me a little better to the to the higher tier. Um but that that third bucket of um you know consumables and um inapp credits and stuff like that um I would say should be reserved for as that final step in your monetization journey. And I'll say that I actually have seen some uh A apps AI apps get themselves in trouble with this um with a ton of negative reviews because it it it just was not very clear in the payw wall and people don't read payw wall. So you think, oh, I'm making it clear. I've described all this text and stuff. >> But what was happening in this one app I was looking at is that >> it was like I think it was like one of the image generation where it's like super expens maybe. No, I think there's even a video generation one. It's like that's super expensive for them to provide it for their users. So, they're thinking, "Oh, this is really expensive. Like, we're going to limit it to like four video generations and then you have to buy extra credits." Well, it was just really confusing to users and frustrating to users because like I'm subscribed. I'm paying, you know, 20 bucks a month or whatever. Like, and now you're saying I need to buy credits. So again, that's another kind of user value pricing psychology thing where like that should be the the final evolution in your uh monetization strategy to introduce these like credit systems and other stuff because it is like a cognitive burden to your users. I say all that being a bull for hybrid monetization. I think more apps should be figuring out consumables and other stuff. Um you know, Tinder being the pre-minent example. Um, but Tinder's a great example and I had a podcast with Phil um Phil from Corezone Cap. He was at Tinder when they made a lot of these decisions and kind of pioneered the use of consumables in non-gaming apps. And they were really thoughtful about their approach of like what they would charge for, you know, how many came in the subscription, making it really clear, understanding the cognitive load of all the choices and stuff like that, and picked very specific things that were those consumable purchases versus like limiting the core flow of the app. It was like value ads that people were paying for versus like just like getting more basic use of the app. Um, so, so again, it's like I am a bull on more and more non-game apps using consumables and other forms of one-time purchases, but I just think it's something that you need to do very thoughtfully and probably shouldn't be like the first step in solving your kind of cost to monetization issues. So, you would say you would recommend that people start with a like two tiers of subscriptions and the first tier has a limited number of credits and then the upper tier has a higher limited number of credits. uh and then you just run out versus trying to layer in virtual currency and a a credit system like from the beginning because that seems to be kind of the the way most of these AI apps are are working from the back at least that I've seen. Not that not obviously I'm not talking about the big chat GPTs. I'm talking about a lot of these like just apps that are using AI uh APIs. A lot of them seem to be working on a credit system. Well, but that's part of the problem is that the big apps aren't yet and so it increases that cognitive load. So, um, so and again, if if the cost of your like most expensive users is wildly disproportionate, then you do need to move to that third bucket. But what I'm saying is like you just need to be really thoughtful of it. So, if you can get away with just charging everybody the same and your unit economics aren't crazy and you don't have the like people burning up tokens like insane amounts, um, just stick with one price. If if you can fit it in two tiers and it's not there aren't those people who are going to burn $300 of credits on your $20 a month premium tier, whatever, stick with that. And then, but if you are in that situation, then you then you move on. Um, so yeah, it's just so like context dependent on on the different apps. >> Okay. Uh, I we we probably have time for one more based on how uh how quickly we've gone through these. >> We need to do a followup or something. Um, this one kind of takes us in a different direction, which I think is kind of fun. Uh, this and here I can actually use the the real feature here. So, Montes asks, uh, when it comes to app monetization and early releases, is it better to start with a pre-sale and allow users to subscribe at a 50% discount because the app is still being developed, or is it better to have the core feature fully built and charge a fully price, a full price, delaying the monetization? >> H, I like this one. So, this is this is a thing that Rick uh who's also uh in our he's our VP of marketing, I think he's really bullish on these this pre-sale uh idea, and he's seen a couple apps do it really successfully. Um, and in their case, they actually start selling them uh on the web using RevCat web billing or whatever. You know, you can use Paddle or a different system if you want. uh or you can use Paddle with Revenue Cats web billing, but they they start doing a pre-sale through the web before they've even released the app. Um, and the idea there is it gets them in early uh at a discount or as he'll tell you sometimes if it's if you're using like a celebrity for your marketing for it. Sometimes you can actually charge that group more, which you know is a little bit uh iffy, but you know, it's a thing that audience is actually primed to to maybe pay more, but they also probably will have higher retention. But either way, you can charge early for that um as a pre-sale. And then whenever you do your full release, you kind of have this pre-baked audience um that you can use to kind of push uh for a high oop hopefully you can still hear me for a high number of reviews. You can really prompt them for reviews a little heavier than maybe your normal audience. Um and then maybe even try to get them to share on social depending on what what your app is if that's something you can organically do. Uh, and that's a nice way to kind of get money in earlier that you can then use to spend on on uh paid acquisition or something like that. So, I I personally, especially for the shipon, I think that's a good idea. Uh, I think there's a captive audience of other developers who are going to be interested in your app as developers. So maybe they're not even like more primed to be into the actual audience of your app, but they're more primed to be like interested in the animation you built or some interesting thing that you did. And that audience is going to be they're not going to find as much value in your app as other people. So definitely you'd want that on a discount, but if you have a discount on it now when there's more eyeballs, I think that's actually a really good opportunity to kind of build a little audience now, especially if you don't already have one. So I think that's a great idea. I would love to hear if people try that uh how that goes for them too. >> And I I'll add real quick. I would I would frame it as a discount because people love sales and um one of the things I regret doing and this is to Charlie's earlier point when you get a lot of press those people are typically more price sensitive. So like you know with ship a ton and you know you're early and everything else you're not delivering as much value. You don't want people complaining like they have for my weather app. Oh, why don't you have these four features yet? You're really expensive. I regret not launching WeatherUp 2.0 with a 50% discount sale on launch. I think I would have made a lot more money. But what I would have done is do it with a promo code or an intro offer where it's 50% off the first year and then goes back up to the normal price. Uh, and especially kind of with your mindset of like I'm going to build more value over time, then when that renewal comes around, if they are retaining any if they're not retaining anyway, then like, hey, they got a deal. People love deals. People are going to buy it even if they're not interested because they're getting a deal. Um, so give them the deal. Make it a deal. And then the people who do actually retain and you build that value up over the year. And maybe if you don't, then you do drop the price to that 50% and like, hey, we're just going to let everybody renew at the 50% price. Um, and I think you could do like a subscription offer where that next year could be again at 50% off. There's probably a way to hack that. Um, yeah, I think it's a fantastic idea. Uh, go out the gate with a sale. I regret not going out of the gate with the sale with my app. Um, so fantastic idea. Definitely do it. >> Cool. And uh with that, I think uh apologies for not getting through all of the questions here, but uh I really appreciate everybody being engaged. I really appreciate you, David, uh coming and joining me and doing what we do in uh in our regular one-on- ones, but publicly for everybody. Just so everybody knows, this is exactly how our conversations pretty much always go. uh very long, very uh nuanced uh takes and sometimes disagreements in a fun way on uh on app strategies basically. Uh so this is this is super fun. >> Yeah, we should do it again. >> Um >> yes. Yeah, definitely. Uh so next time uh next I don't have the date on here, but it's next Tuesday, I believe. Uh we have some folks from Jet Brains. They're going to come on and talk about uh building crossplatform apps with Cotlin and Compose Multiplatform. And just like this one, uh we're trying to kind of make it a Q&A focused uh focused webinar. So please throw us your questions. Uh as you saw, if if we're chatty like we are now, uh those earlier questions are more likely to make it to the top. So uh please throw them in the Discord. Uh you can throw them online. We're going to we'll tweet about this uh and toot and post and whatever all the the verbs are for the things on on social. So send your questions in however you want to send them uh and we'll we'll bring them into the show. Um and with that uh I think we are done. Thank you everybody for joining and I've got to go run my kids to the dentist. >> Bye everyone. >> Bye.