Supposedly, live. Hopefully. >> Yay! >> Uh let me check the chat. Nobody else uh could see this, but I just want to brag for a second at my Herculean efforts at debugging right there. We hit start, and it immediately bugged out. And I, like a professional, uh jumped out, switched some things, jumped back in, and then it just worked. Uh I'll say magically, but I as if I actually know how I fixed it, but I fixed it, and so we're here, and I'm very excited about that. >> Exactly. That's the magic, getting it fixed, not not how it was done. That That loses the magic if you explain the trick. >> Um All right, I see there's some chat coming in here. Let's see, we're monitoring uh as usual YouTube and Discord and Twitter and LinkedIn, hopefully soon here. So, what I'm going to ask you all while we give people a moment to uh come in is, how does my audio sound? Because people often complain that I'm too quiet. Um which is not a complaint I've ever gotten in real life, but only here when it's going through my microphone. I have it boosted, even though it may maybe make me clip every once in a while, but uh so hopefully, compared to you, Per Tu, I sound normalized, and you all can hear me okay. So, if you're on the chat, uh please let me know uh if I'm too quiet. And give people another moment to come in here. So, where are you coming from, Per Tu? Because every time we have a uh one of these together, you're in a new country. So, what country are you coming from today? >> This time. Uh the lovely, lovely Sweden, Stockholm to be exact. I just finished uh the first day of uh Flutter and Friends conference. Uh so, I gave a Take talk in the morning, manned the booth during the day, and now I'm doing a live stream to close the day. So, yeah. And tomorrow continues to with with workshops. So, busy busy days ahead or busy night Saturday ahead. Yeah. >> All right. I think that gives us enough time here. So, let me share my screen. So, what we are going to talk about today is where users dropping off. So, this is a brief introduction to funnels. This is actually a talk that I gave at the Shipaton kickoff that we did in Japan and obviously modified a little bit, but the idea here is to answer the question, how do I grow my app? Which is a question I get a lot. So, as usual, I really want these to be conversational. So, if you're if you're watching, please throw questions out there. You know, I want to me and Perttu both have different experiences here and I love just kind of talking through this stuff in a more practical way for those of you listening. Otherwise, this would just be pre-recorded. So, definitely do that. So, who are we? So, I am Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at RevenueCat. And with me is Perttu, who is also a developer advocate at RevenueCat. And I I feel like over the last few years of us doing the Shipaton, I've always called myself the self-proclaimed captain of the Shipaton. And I still call myself that this year, but I feel like in reality, maybe similar to a real ship, you know, there's the captain who's like a figurehead, but then there's the person actually holding the wheel, doing the real work. And I feel like this year, that's you this year. >> Yeah, you could say that. I see myself more as the guy who's shoveling coal into the >> [laughter] >> like machine to keep it going, but yeah. I don't know. If we like I do the judging part, so I guess that's that's the engine of Shipaton in a way. So, that's why competition really is being run by you in terms of all the complicated logistics and rules and judging process and everything. >> Exactly. >> Well, yeah. >> Yeah, I guess yes. Well, I'd say that it's the engine. So, call my throwing the coal in the engine. That's what I do. Yeah, I'm the engineer. I keep the keep the keep my engineering flag. >> There you go. So, uh before we get into our community updates like we normally do, we have an announcement that happened this week. Uh if you missed it, so the one of the ways that you know this whole event ends is uh we announce the winners and we give the show the the trophies, those crazy cool, you know, shippy trophies at our shippies awards ceremony. And the last couple years that has been uh essentially like a long segment at RevenueCat's App Growth Annual Conference. Last year was in New York. It's going to be in New York again this year. Um but this year we're going to do we're going to do something a little different. So, we now have the shippies awards uh as a separate event. It's also going to be in New York the same week as App Growth Annual, but it'll be completely separate. So, there's a separate sign up for it and everything. If you're in New York, you should come hang out. And kind of the the the big crazy I was going to say the crazy thing as if there's only one. There's a lot, but the crazy thing that we've announced is that we're hosting it on a giant ship. Uh so, there's uh if you've ever been in New York City, there's a big Intrepid Museum, which is a gigantic ship, and inside of that ship is actually a uh uh theater, and that is where we're going to host our red carpet shippies awards ceremony. Uh and so, there's a QR code here. Pair to you can maybe grab the link uh on Luma and drop that into the chat, but um this is going to be really really fun. Uh it's going to be really crazy uh as many RevenueCat things are, but recommend if you're going to be in New York or if you just want an excuse to do a New York travel uh vacation {slash} work week, uh you should come in. We have this whole thing called the New York App Week that runs that whole week. There's going to be a whole bunch of events, lots of really cool people. Um Oh, yeah. I guess we don't have Oh, the person who normally posts about uh our stuff in Discord is out. So, yeah, we should post the link to this. Oh, you already did. >> Oh, yeah. I just Yeah, I just shouted out. I didn't post the link, but but I'll do the link. Uh >> Perfect. >> That's a good good thing to mention. >> So, anyway, yeah. Uh Shippies awards ceremony, going to be really fun. If you're in New York, you should stop by. All right. Now, let's do our kind of community shout-outs here. So, uh as usual, the building public energy has gotten very, very strong. It's very crazy across all the social medias. Uh here's a couple that I wanted to highlight. So, Victor in public, uh he's been doing a bunch of building public stuff during the entire um during the entire Ship-a-Thon. But, he just attended uh one of our IRL events in Barcelona and posted some pictures about that, but he's definitely worth uh checking out in terms of all of his building public updates that he's been doing. Um I saw uh Daniel and uh Yitong. They have an app that's getting really close uh to launching that they've been working on together and posting lots of cool stuff about. And then uh Andav Andav Zip, I'm probably pronouncing that weird. Uh he's on Instagram posting about uh his updates. And his is a cool one and I think worth highlighting here because his most recent update was about how he's stuck in app review, probably something that many of you out there uh can relate to. But, he realized that being stuck in app review doesn't mean he can't start working on marketing. So, he's actually started the process of recording lots of videos. I think he's actually even posting teaser videos. Um I guess maybe linking to a pre-order page or a newsletter or something. But, it's letting him like experiment with uh what's working, what's getting traction now. There's no reason to just use being stuck in app review as an excuse to stop moving forward. Um, so I thought that was worth highlighting. And maybe even worth a callout, um, from you, Perto. You've written a couple things. I don't have links to it here, but you've written a couple things, uh, this week and posted that would be helpful for people who are kind of in that shipping and submitting phase right now. Do you want to call those out? >> Yeah, so, uh, just like, uh, 30 minutes ago I released a late submitters guide to getting your app through the app review. Uh, everything you need to know to get your app approved by Apple and Google, uh, before the Shipathon deadline. So that just came out. Uh, where did I share that? Should I just post the link? Uh, >> Yeah, just post the link in the chat. >> All right, I'll do that. Um, and previously last week I posted a guide, uh, called how to submit your app for Shipathon, which goes through all the steps you need to fill in at that in-depth post, uh, and how to fill them correctly so that when your app is eventually in front of the judges, you have filled all the fields correctly, you have all the information, and you don't get disqualified for giving non-working links to YouTube or non-working app links, for example. So, definitely worth reading as well. I do hope that these show up cuz I don't see them in Google Chat for some or, like, YouTube Chat for some reason. >> Ooh, interesting. >> Uh, >> Uh, yeah, I thought they would automatically pop in there. Um, well, either way, we can go in and add those. I'll let you do that. And also, uh, >> Yeah. >> it I see you have your AirPods in, but it's not using your AirPod mics right now. And so, every time somebody opens a door, we're getting a loud squeak. So, if you don't mind switching that, and then we can move on. So, uh, also in the community, there's lots of Shipathon IRL events that have been happening. I mentioned there was one in Barcelona, uh, last night, I believe. Uh, I don't actually have any pictures from that one yet, although I've seen a bunch posted online. Um but also there's just been a ton and there's still a ton coming up. So, just want to shout out. There was one in Lahore in Pakistan, one in Kenya that looked really cool. There's a huge one in Argentina uh that had a very big uh turnout. Um there's one in India uh in Lucknow and then uh there was a Brazil event that was co-hosted with PostHog that looked really really fun. So, thank you everybody who's been organizing those. Those have turned out really awesome and I just keep hearing good stories from people about attending them. So, definitely recommend checking those out. And there's still a ton coming. So, if you're in Chicago, there's a house party that's coming up that looks like it's going to be really cool. Um there's Oh, I I included the Barcelona one on here even though that already happened. Um New York, Thailand, [snorts and clears throat] Japan, Spain, London, Singapore. I mean, there's so many coming up even still. So, definitely recommend just go to shipitathon.com/events and you can see all the events that are that are coming up. Um in In fact, I would recommend uh if you don't see any that are close to you, still go through the history and you might not be able to go to that ShipIt on event, but so many of these are hosted by local communities. And so, it's not like this is these are just these one-off events. Uh you can go find that community and then look for events that they have coming up uh otherwise and you might find some other local builders that are that are fun people to hang out with. Uh and then of course I have to thank our sponsors. There's so many uh this year that have made this possible um and made the prize pool that we have possible. So, big shout out to all of the sponsors for their help with the ShipIt on this year. All right. So, let's get into the main topic. I'm going to open the chat back up here just so that I'm keeping up with what people are saying. And I don't see that there's any Oh, I do see one question I might as well call out really quickly, which is uh I'm a student, but I also have a Google Play Store account. And it asked for a 14-day testing. Should I get my app on the Play Store or focus on the next Gen Award? So, I mean, I would personally I would always recommend get your app app in the store. Um and yes, the Google Play Store has a requirement for 14 days of testing, which means you still have time uh right now, you know, we're early enough in September that you can do that. So, if you have an MVP, get it out there. Like, there's no reason not to. Um we do recommend, and Pear Two will attest to this, too. We do recommend that you focus your energy in terms of your submission on one or two awards. So, if you think that your best chance is going to be the next Gen Award, maybe do focus on that, but you might as well get your app submitted into the store, and that way you're eligible for all the other categories um as well. So, I highly recommend uh yeah, getting it in the store. And this is just a reminder to everybody uh listening. If this is your first time submitting to the Google Play Store, it's going to require this 14-day testing period. And so, do that now. Get your MVP out as quickly as you possibly can. >> Yeah, uh just want to call out that this is also mentioned in the Play Store's guide uh to getting your app reviewed. So, and one thing that that calls out specifically is that drop everything else you're doing. Now, if you have any half-baked features, just comment those out and submit the app. Your app does not need to be ready and and fully functioning when you do the 14 days testing period. So, start it today if you can, cuz then you're done with it uh still in the during this time, and you get submitted for the final production review. So, that actually goes to the Play Store. You still have time, but don't like wait at all. Don't think about working on features you haven't finalized or something like that. Instead, submit the MVP version today, preferably latest next week, and then you still have a chance. >> That's a good call out, yeah. This isn't your This isn't the version that goes live on the store. This is just a testing version for that 14-day trial period. So, yeah, get it out there. Just make sure it builds and runs. I I assume it's like uh Apple TestFlight where they have a slight review process for that. But, as long as it builds and it's not, you know, spam or something, um they're going to let it through, and then you can start that 14-day uh timeline. Cool. Okay. So, uh let's get to the main topic here. So, the the idea here is to talk about where where your users dropping off. And really, what this is about is how do I grow my app and get more users. Um an important caveat to all of this is that I'm an engineer by trade. Ultimately, uh the perspective that I'm coming at all of this from is as an engineer, not as a growth marketer. I've spent a lot of time as an indie developer building my own app and running it as a business, um thinking about all this stuff, and I've worked at RevenueCat now for over 3 years and spent an enormous amount of time talking about growth marketing and spending time with growth marketers. So, I have learned a lot, and I think uh I've worked enough with people that this is a genuine framework for how to think about these things that I think is is good. But, some of the terms I use might not be the best industry terms. There might be some things that I say that are maybe not the best practices from a full growth marketing perspective. But, um I do think that this has proven to be good advice to lots of people in terms of how to think about how to grow your app uh going forward. So, like I said, the most common question I've gotten since I started working here is uh how do I grow my app? Um and it's really important for the Shipathon itself because our grand prize is literally how is about growing your app. It's, you know, the grand prize is called Build and Grow Award. Um so, this is relevant to the Shipathon itself as well as to, you know, your app business uh more broadly. So, what's the best way to grow your app? I give everybody the same answer, which is it depends. Everybody's favorite uh answer from engineers. Um and that's annoying, but I do think uh in reality, I actually do give pretty much the same answer to everybody to start. And and this answer is what I'm about to share, which is a framework for how to think about growing your app more than a specific thing to do. And then, once you run through this framework, it gives you the area that you should then focus on. And that framework is basically this. So, this uh is a funnel, uh you know, common cooking device. I think pretty universal. Every country I've given this talk in uh I've asked and they've said that this is common. So, I think this is a relatively common uh visual here. And the idea of a funnel is uh you pour something in the top and then something comes out the bottom, but it's a narrower bottom. Um and in our case, the way to think about that is the thing you're pouring in the top, in this example, it's water, is your users. And then the water coming out of the very bottom, those are the users that actually pay you. Those are your paying users. Now, in this example, everybody you pour into the top is making it to the bottom and paying you. And in reality, that doesn't match, right? So, really, it's like this funnel that's filled with a bunch of holes. And these holes uh and the water that comes out of those holes represents users that you lost at some point during this in this funnel, um and they ultimately didn't pay you money, right? So, there's two ways to uh to increase the amount of water that comes out of the bottom, users that ultimately pay you. The first is to make the the bucket way bigger. So, you can pour way more water into the top and you're more likely to get more water coming out of the out of the bottom, so you're going to get more paying users. And then the other way is to try and plug up those holes. Um and even if you just visually think about this metaphor, you can already see the example of like uh if there's not enough water going in in the first place, spending all of your time plugging up all those holes isn't actually going to help very much. And that that's why I think this metaphor is really important, especially to new developers or indie developers. Um I think a lot of people spend their time on the wrong thing, and that's what this whole framework is kind of about addressing. So, uh the way I'm going to break this down, there's other ways you can do it, but this is kind of the framework that I think about um your funnel in terms of your app's growth potential. So, at the very top of the funnel, you have acquisition, then you have onboarding, monetization, and then at the very bottom, you have retention. So, let's talk about acquisition. So, this is essentially measuring anything that ultimately creates an App Store page view, and it ends there. Um so, what this is answering is the question, where are your users ultimately coming from? So, um there's a bunch of places that your users can come from. We talk about it a whole bunch here at RevenueCat. We've talked about it a bunch in previous live streams, and we're going to talk about it more in later live streams. I'm not going to go deep into any one of these specifically. However, uh as usual, this is a conversation. I would love if you ask questions and want specific answers to any of these. Uh me and Peer 2 would love to talk about them, so please feel free to throw those questions in the chat. But, here's kind of them the big areas that you can think about for apps specifically. So, there's paid advertisements, so this would be running ads on Meta or um or any platforms, or even, you know, billboards on Times Square maybe is a way to think about that. Uh there's App Store optimization, so making it so that users that are going into the App Store and searching to solve a problem end up at your app and ultimately click on your app to see the app itself. Um there's user-generated content, so this can be uh stuff that you're doing yourself, which I see tons of people doing uh for the building public with Ship It On. Um this can be stuff you're doing your yourself or like I did a live stream last week with um noise. And that that's paid UGC. Um which maybe you could argue that falls under paid advertisements, but either way that's that's another mechanism for you to increase the amount of users coming into your App Store page. But that's kind of where it stops, right? Um there's organic viral growth, so build your app in a way where people are either encouraged to share it with other people or it's like a multiplayer game or something where people will in person uh word of mouth spread it around because the more people that use it, the more fun it is for them. Um that's a way you can kind of grow the amount of users that come in. And then there's kind of the age-old uh press or App Store features themselves. That can drive a ton of um eyeballs um into your app. And depending on how well targeted that is, um it can drive a lot of downloads and usage of your app as well. Um again, I'm not going to dive too deep into all of these, but if if the area that you're focusing on is the very top of your funnel, getting more users, these are kind of the big buckets to start thinking about in terms of how can I grow the amount of users coming in in the first place. Um an important thing to think about with acquisition though is that not all users are the same. So, we've been using the metaphor of water, but you can imagine different types of things are being poured into the funnel. And in reality, some users are shaped different than other users. Um the example I've given a lot is uh we talked to somebody who did a lot of paid uh marketing, and they they found this paid marketing strategy of doing um uh brain rot videos. And these brain rot videos were like freakishly effective. Uh it was like the biggest bucket you can possibly imagine being poured into the funnel. Um and those users actually did download the app. And they actually did start trials. So you'd see down this whole funnel uh lots and lots of users and they it's like, "Oh my god, we're going to make so much money from this." But that group of users in particular almost 100% canceled their trial and never actually converted. Um and that those it ends up being completely useless money to spend on these even though they looked like they were super effective at certain points in the funnel. And that's just because ultimately a brain rot video might convince a lot of people to download an app. But it and you might have made your uh funnel very effective for getting people to start a trial. But then once they actually use the app they're like, "Oh, this isn't actually for me." And so a much less effective acquisition strategy but the people that it acquires are people who are actually going to love your app might actually be the better way to go. So that's something to think about. Uh it's easy when you like me and Part two have spent a lot of time, you know, looking at raw numbers when we work in RevenueCat world. Um and it's easy to think about users as just numbers, but in reality they're all very unique and each cohort is very different in how they're going to behave. And so that's an important thing to think about when you're especially at the acquisition level. Um so don't forget that. All right. So that's kind of in broad strokes acquisition. Now let's move on to onboarding or what I call onboarding. Um some people call this activation. It can really Oh, hopefully you can still hear me. My microphone just made a funny or my >> Can hear you all right, Sam. So you can. >> It's all good. >> Good. Good. >> All right. I'm not cutting out. Good. Uh a lot of people call this activation um and they might slice this a little differently, but the way I think about this stage is this is measuring anything that happens in between the user seeing your App Store page all the way to when they see your paywall. And really it's measuring when they see your paywall the last time. And we'll get to that here in a second. So, uh here's an example kind of of the path that I'm talking about. So, this is an app Caro, actually one of the winners of the very first Ship-a-Thon. Uh so, this is their App Store page. The user hits get. They download the app and then they see the onboarding of your app, different than the onboarding I'm using here, but the part of your app whenever they first launch and you maybe walk them through explaining what the app does. Maybe you ask for some permissions to view photos or contacts or whatever. Um during that onboarding they might see a paywall, but they might not. And then even if they do see it, they might cancel it and then they end up inside of your app as a free user if you have a premium uh freemium style app. And this is important because the use of your app as a free user to me is part of this onboarding or activation stage of the funnel. And this stage ends whenever the user uses something inside of your app that requires uh being a a premium user and then the paywall itself pops up. Um and so, all of this is kind of in this stage of the funnel. And all of these can have an impact on how many users ultimately get to the point of seeing your paywall. Um and so, what are the ways that you can help plug the holes during this sort of long phase of of your funnel? So, the first would be, you know, getting them to hit the download button in the first place. Um and both Apple and Google have AB testing tools inside of them uh in the App Store or the Google Play Store to let you run AB tests to change things about your App Store page um to have more users ultimately hit that download button. So, you can AB test your screenshots. You can change your app icon, change your name itself or your description, things like that. Um worth calling out uh the same thing I said about uh acquisition is the same here, which is that not all users are the same. So, maybe you make a change to your App Store page that convinces people to hit download, but it's actually kind of lying about the experience they're going to get. Those users aren't going to convert. So, it's it Again, this isn't all raw numbers, but uh that is a big leverage point is getting more people to ultimately download your app. And then once they get in the into your app, you can run experiments on your actual onboarding. Um if you use RevenueCat, RevenueCat has uh an experiments feature. We talk about it a lot with paywalls, but it also works with your onboarding. You can use something we call um uh offering metadata to like switch between different uh onboarding flows. And so, you can run experiments and then again see all the way down the funnel how those users ultimately convert and start optimizing that onboarding. Um and then the last one, and this is one people maybe don't always think about, is think about what features are actually behind your paywall. So, like I said, using the app as a free user is part of this activation part of your funnel. So, if a user gets to this stage and they're happy, they love your app, they use it literally every day, but they never like the value they're getting out of it is actually free, then they're never going to convert cuz why would they? So, you might want to think about what is the actual valuable thing about your app, and should that be behind the paywall itself so that the users who are getting the most value out of your app are actually paying for it. Um so, that's something to think about there. Um really quick, I'll just pause and just Is there any questions worth kind of calling out here, too? >> Um there was one about like is it worth uh doing building public category at this point when you still only have like uh 26 days left and I I said that yes uh cuz you can still very much share your journey uh with with people in in like Twitter, TikTok, whatever that is. As long as you make it interesting, engaging, playful, all kinds of things that get people like hey this is actually something I want to follow and you display how that contributed to your build process. You can definitely still uh get good results and and be eligible for the building public award. >> I mean, the original Ship 30 was only a month long. You still have essentially a full month. So, you have plenty of time. Definitely recommend doing that. Um Okay, so uh that was onboarding. Let's move to monetization. Now, this is the one that if you read a lot of RevenueCat stuff, this is kind of where we we really sit and think a lot about um in particular because of paywalls and that is ultimately what this step is in terms of how I define it. So, this is measuring uh how many users actually convert uh to becoming a paying user after they see your paywall. And like I said in the previous step, they might see your paywall during onboarding, they might see your paywall after a long time of being a freemium user, but ultimately this is I landed on the paywall, do I convert yes or no? Um And the reason people focus a lot on this is because it's the highest leverage point. It's the it's the single highest leverage point for increasing the amount of money you make. Like if you have 100 users coming in and only one user becomes paying, you can make really tiny tweaks uh to this page and increase that number, you know, two, three times or whatever. That's obviously an extreme example, but you get the idea. Um But, you have to have those users coming in uh in the in the first place. And so, remember like start at the top of this funnel and that's where you need to identify is this where I need to work? If you have lots of users coming in, move on to the next step. If you have lots of users making it through there, move on to the next step. But don't necessarily jump into paywalls, even though they can be tempting because it feels like it's the easiest place to to experiment. But anyway, so if you have identified that this is a high leverage point for you to make changes and you want to increase the money users that convert, here's some things that you can do uh to do that. So, the obvious one is experiment with your pricing, uh which packages you show, so do you include monthly, do you not include monthly, um and then your designs themselves. I'll say uh for all of these, but especially for this uh section of the funnel, I highly highly highly recommend using Rico. Uh if you're familiar with this, so this is uh the AI agent uh that kind of lives inside of RevenueCat now, and on the homepage, you can literally just hit the Rico button on the top and just ask, "What's an experiment I can run to increase my conversion?" And it'll give you some ideas. It can even set the experiment up for you um to just get you started. Definitely recommend uh just doing that kind of right off the bat. There's almost no reason not to if you're not already running experiments. Um but the other things you can do here is uh you can use targeting. So, there's a feature in again, RevenueCat, but you could do this yourself, too, where uh you want to show different users different paywalls based on the attributes of that user. So, in a lot of cases, the kind of prototypical example of this is during your onboarding, you might ask some questions about why the user is you downloading your app, what they might use it for. Maybe you have an exercise app, and you're like, "Are you a cyclist, or are you a runner?" Your paywall, you can customize to that person based on their answer. So, you can make it more cycling-focused or more running-focused. Um the other example here is to change it based on location. So, there's some countries where people really don't like subscriptions. So, maybe you downplay or don't even show your subscription, and you highlight the one-time purchase really big uh because in that region that's really effective, but in other regions it's not, right? So, that's another area that you can play with to increase conversion here. Um and then in a similar vein is showing different paywalls depending on how they got to the paywall. So, um if you're showing a paywall whenever the user tries to access a premium feature, maybe make that paywall highly focused on that specific premium feature. And so, you have a different paywall depending on which premium feature they are trying to access. Um so, those are all areas that you can um that you can focus on to try and increase your conversion on your paywall and ultimately increase conversion through this stage of the monetization funnel. Uh and to this point, uh our next live stream actually, next Tuesday, is going to be with Julie, who's our like resident uh paywall expert, and she's going to talk about a bunch of paywall design tips and tricks. And so, if you're looking for things that you can try to increase on your paywall, you should come back uh on Tuesday or or watch the the on-demand version, um and you can learn a lot there. All right, so that's the monetization step. Now, let's move to the last step. And now, the monetization step I was saying was the the end of the funnel, that's where the paying users come out, um but there's still one more step, and that's because the reality is uh this isn't really representative of a subscription app. This is more like a a one-time payment app, right? You have users that come in, how many of them decide to pay, yes or no, and then that's the end of it. But with a subscription app, it's more like this. You have another opportunity after they come out of that funnel to convert them again, and it's kind of its own funnel in a way. Um and really, it's more like this. Uh you kind of have these repeated opportunities to get money from that person and to retain them over time, which is why we call it retention. Um and each of these steps you can lose people. And so, uh this is something that you should focus a lot on if you have a lot of people converting in the first place, but then you're losing them down the road. Now you can start thinking about like, how do I how do I keep them in the first place? Um and so, this is where I think uh me as kind of a indie developer who likes craft, I almost like this one the most because the biggest thing you can focus on here is make a great product. Like make something that's worth staying with. Um if if somebody subscribes because you convinced them that this is going to be useful, uh and then once they subscribed, they realize, you know, after the first month or after the first year, uh I didn't actually use this very much or it wasn't very impactful to my life, they're not going to retain. Like, unless they do it on accident and then they're going to cancel right away at that point when they get that email. So, this is where you really need to focus on making a great product that's sticky, that people love and they find worthwhile. Um the other things you can do here is things like winback campaigns or uh Apple's newly released retention messaging API, which I know Pair Two knows a lot about. If you have questions, this is a great place to ask. Uh and these are ways whenever somebody goes to cancel, um you have different types of opportunities, whether it's through official Apple APIs or we have some features like winback campaigns, uh to send them a message with some kind of offer to be like, "Hey, I see you're canceling. Would you consider staying if we give you, you know, 10% off to stay for another cycle and see if this works better for you?" And those can be really effective, uh especially if, you know, the the app is valuable. You just they just need a little more time to feel that. Um and then the other thing to think about is promoting your new features uh to your existing users better. So, a lot of apps don't do a great job at this, but create some sort of newsletter that you automatically sign or give people the opportunity to sign up for when they sign up for your app. Um or do a good job in your app if it's an app that people open regularly of making it clear that you're adding new stuff constantly to the app. And that does two things. One is it tells them like I'm providing you constant value so the subscription's worth it. But the other thing it's doing is uh creating more features that might be sticky for that person. So if they download the app to solve one problem and then at the end of it they're like, "Ah, this wasn't really worth it." they might cancel. But if they downloaded the app to solve one problem and then as they're using the app they learn about new problems that it can solve and they pull more and more of these in. Think like Notion. Like you may have downloaded Notion to solve some specific note-taking problem but then over time it kind of slowly takes over a lot of your life. If you have a bunch of features like that, you need to make sure that users know about them. So this is a good way to kind of increase the stickiness of your app and increase your retention. Uh so there you go. So that's ultimately uh the framework. This is the thing that I tell people to start the conversation of like "What should I do to grow my app?" Uh start at the very top of this funnel and and open up App Store Connect or Google Play Store and look at those analytics and go "Am I getting a lot of users in the first place?" And if the answer to that is no, focus on those things that I talked about there. Find Think about paid advertising, think about press. Put all of your energy on getting more users at the very top of that funnel because anything you do down the funnel isn't going to help you if you aren't getting people there in the first place. Um if you are getting them there, now start walking down this chain and find where the where the breaking point is. Um it might be the onboarding itself. People aren't, you know, converting on your App Store page or on your uh on your onboarding within your app. They're bouncing because it's long or boring or something. Um if If getting lots of users through that point and they're making it to your paywall, now you can really do all the things we talk about at RevenueCat, and run a bunch of experiments, try different things on your paywall to see if you can if you can bump that conversion up 5%, 10%, something like that. Uh you can make a really big difference as long as there's lots of users coming in and getting lost at that point. Um and then the last thing is once you have a business going, uh really start paying attention to your attention. If you have If you have high churn, which means you're losing lots of people after that first um renewal, uh that can be killer to your bottom line, even if everything else about your business looks like it's doing great. You're getting lots of new users, everything. But if you're losing people out um after their first subscription, then ultimately you're not going to be able to grow that much. And so that's a good place to focus uh once you're at that point. Uh yeah, so that's that's really that's how I think about this. Uh hopefully this was helpful to everybody. Um and I kind of want to open the floor to anybody that has questions, uh and we can answer them here. It can be about this, it can be about just the Shipyard in general. Um really just kind of want to know what you think. >> While we wait for the questions, like can I ask you like how you've done this with Dark Noise, for example? Like did you ever discover uh like a leaky uh point where you were losing customers? Cuz yeah, I've understood that you've retained customers quite well over the years. Uh you've had your app for 4 years already or something like that, right? >> Yeah, let's see. It was 2019, so that's like six or seven. >> Six years, seven years. That's seven years, yeah. >> Yeah, that's a very long time. Uh yeah, Dark Noise is interesting because uh it's a little different than most of the apps we talk about here in terms of how I've managed to grow it, because the top of funnel for my app, Dark Noise, is Apple features and press more than anything. So, it's like earned media, which is different than than typical. And what that means is I'm very reliant on those, but it they're also like they don't convert super well. So, one of my biggest leaky buckets is uh is the onboarding phase. And specifically, it's the App Store page itself. So, part of the reason for that is because you know, an Apple feature in particular, lots and like the views you get on that are crazy high. But those that's just like a broad swath of the user base. It's not targeted in any way at all towards users who are likely to want your app. Now, my app, Dark Noise, is a like ambient noise white noise kind of app. So, it is pretty broad appeal, which helps. But still, people will click on it because they see the name or the title, and then they see what it is, and they're like, "Ah, no, I don't need that." So, those numbers are much lower than you might see if most of your uh if most of your acquisition is happening from like Meta ads, right? Because the people who see the Meta ad uh are convinced that it's interesting, click on it, and get to your App Store page, they're already way more they are already primed to be like, "This is a thing that I'm interested in." Um so, that's an important thing to think about. But uh I have been starting to play around with uh with the App Store page itself. And one of the experiments that I ran that this is an interesting anecdote, although I think it's kind of somewhat common knowledge now, but at the time it really surprised me is I experimented with I always had a video preview. And Apple in particular, they're not as strict as they used to be, but they used to be really strict about your video previews can't be like an ad. They need to be an actual like screen recording of the app being used. It can't be like a bunch of special effects and stuff like that. Again, you might be like, "What do you mean? I don't see that on the App Store. They they've loosened up on this quite a bit uh since the early days, but I say that to say my app uh mo- it had a video preview that pretty much just cycled through a bunch of the sounds. And I did that because people would ask me for a demo of the app cuz they wanted like to hear what the different sounds sounded like without having to download the app. So, I was like, "Oh, this is perfect." And so, I had that for a really long time. And I heard somebody say that video previews actually lower your conversion on your App Store. And I was like, "Oh, that seems surprising cuz that's like the opposite of what you'd think. Usually video video is higher conversion." And so, I just ran an AB test, and it was pretty substantial uh the increase on downloads I got with the one without a video. Um and so, I actually removed that for a while. I I don't remember what the current state of my AB testing is. So, I'm pretty sure I don't have any videos on it at all right now. Um I should probably experiment with a a more whiz-bang flashy version of a video now that that's more allowed, but I haven't. Um but yeah, that's that's maybe one example of something that I've that I've tried. >> Yeah. How Have you ever looked at like how many of your customers are like being subscribers for 7 years uh at this point? Like cuz that's pretty cool. >> Yeah. >> It's It is interesting. So, my churn is really low once somebody uh converts. >> Yeah. >> But, I have a lot of free users that don't that do churn really early if that makes sense. But, I think that makes sense. But, what's weird is so, my app was originally uh paid up front. And I think still to this day it's almost 50% of my users even though it's been like 3 or 4 years since I switched. 50% of my users are grandfathered in users from the paid up front days. And that's like active users. That's not like just people who paid for it in in the first place. So, those people they use it like at least once a month, if not every day, cuz a lot of people use it for sleeping. This is it's it's really it's a very highly opened app uh for that reason. And so, yeah, there's really high churn once you use it regularly. Um but getting somebody to that point is is challenging, especially because there's so many white noise apps that people will download like five and try them all and then find the one sound that they like and then bounce out of the others. So, it kind of artificially increases the amount of downloads you get compared to other apps, but it also increases the churn compared to other apps uh because people have this kind of behavior. But, there's probably lots of other apps that are that are similar to that. >> Yeah. We have two questions at least. So, first one is like why does hard paywall work better than a soft paywall? You want to take this? I've also talked about this today, I so I can chime in after after you say what you think of that being the reason. >> Yeah, I mean, the thing is a hard paywall is it's going to it's always going to convert higher than a soft paywall. Um almost by definition, because like users literally have no choice. Like, if they were going to pay for it anyway, you're still going to have them pay. But, there's going to be some users that would not pay uh but because because they can't go through without paying, maybe you'll get some of them before. Or maybe you'll get some of them to convert. So, like, almost by definition, you're going to have a higher conversion on that paywall itself. However, often times, it'll actually increase your churn uh quite a bit, because more people will will pay and then immediately like cancel the trial, um so that they only use it during the trial. And people are a little more leery of something with a with a trial attached, because they might not want to pay or they might want to have more time to play with it. And so, a lot of times, you know, if you have a freemium app uh that's useful in some capacity, them using the free version for you know, some period of time is a way to make it like validate to them that this is a valuable, worthwhile app, and then they eventually will will convert and become longer-term users. So, uh that that's not a rule, it's just generally speaking, I think that's the pattern that we see kind of across the board. And I don't know if you have You talked about this recently, you said, so maybe you have some better uh statistics to back that up than I do. >> Yeah, well, like one way of looking at it is like what is better uh in this case. So, uh what happens with with uh hard paywalls versus soft paywalls is that hard paywalls convert better uh and that when you're looking at 14 days, at 14 days, they make more money uh during that time than soft paywalls, obviously, because people get used to that for free uh by not ever subscribing with a freemium model. But then, if you look at the lifetime value of customers uh between the two, uh like which one actually retains or brings more value, uh it's actually pretty much the same no matter if you have a freemium or or hard paywall. So, hard paywall seems more churn, but more money up front, and freemium then has like uh less people converting to paying customers, but in the long term, you end up like converting them more likely, and they end up staying as customers. So, that that is like the difference. Like like long term In the long term, it doesn't matter as much uh more in the upfront. If you want more money upfront, then hard paywall is an easy way to get people to uh subscribe for for 1 month and with the trial and convert, but they might also churn out quite easily. >> Yeah. And like also to think about with this is hard paywall also means less users, full stop, because there's no there's not a big chunk of free users. And so if you're a small team and support is an issue, or you have high costs per user, um that might be worth doing. But then the inverse is also true. Uh hard paywall means less users, which means >> [laughter] >> uh soft paywall means more users. And so if having users is a mechanism for growth, you know, if you're trying to create a viral moment, or you want something that is, you know, popular like like with Dark Noise, uh it made a really big difference for me when I switched from essentially a hard paywall cuz it was paid up front to having a a free version. Um I found way more people in the press brought it up organically, because even if they didn't pay for it, they maybe used it, or people just in the Twitter sphere or whatever used it. And people you know, word of mouth would spread more uh because that was available than it would have otherwise. And so sometimes just having more users in its own right, even if they're not giving you money, is a worthwhile thing for some other part of your business. Or if if it's like a obviously if it's a social app in some capacity, having a larger user base is really important there, right? >> Exactly. Uh another question would uh by the same Coleman Durr was like, "What is a standard drop-off rate for each step?" Uh do you have any statistics on this? I I can't remember anything. >> I can find a state of subscription. App rapport here. So saying stand I mean anytime in apps uh saying standard for anything is almost like not very useful because uh because users are so different across different apps and different cohorts. But um let's see, hard paywall. Let's see. Uh I'm just I'm literally just reading key insights from our uh status subscription apps report, which I don't know if you don't mind or I here I can throw this link in the chat here. Uh there we go. Um but hard paywalls crush freemium on conversion. So, apps that ask for money up front convert five times better than premium. So, here's the number. 10.7% versus 2.1%. But the advantage disappears over the long run. After 1 year, retention for both models is nearly identical. Um Oh, that's interesting. That implies that the hard paywall is just clearly better if retention ends up being the same. But I don't remember that being the case. I would need to read through all this again. >> Yeah, it's it's not the case. So, retention is worse for hard paywalls. So, in long term, they actually even out. Uh >> Okay. >> for using. Yeah. Uh and actually I think I want to call out like cuz I just noticed it this week. There's a or I've noticed it before. There's one Ship app, I think it's if I remember the name con- uh correctly, it's called uh Funnel Hound. Uh I really hope the like you can find it in what at least Ship app showcase, I think. Uh that actually does this. It tracks your App Store uh like impressions, but then also how many people subscribe. So, you can actually see your steps how it's going down the funnel. Uh I really hope that I remember the name. I have to check it out. I'll I'll mention it again or post it in the chat once the once I remember it correctly. Uh another question there uh was For one feature, I want to have a type of users choose between subscription or for their proceeds to go to charity. Is this doable? Uh Charlie, you want to take this? You probably >> Yeah, we actually one of our um one of our winners last year for the uh the Ham Award, Help Developers Make More Money. Uh that that they did that. Uh the app was called Oh, I should remember this off the top of my head. Uh but I don't remember the name of the app, but basically, yeah, they did something kind of similar to this. Um it was a little different, but basically, I'm not a lawyer, so let's keep that in mind, but what what you can it's really easy to break down um which product users bought and how much money you've made from different products. So, that makes it easy for you to then calculate how much money you need to donate. Um my understanding for doing things like this is that it's kind of up to you to follow through on what you promised. Um and so, I don't think there's any like specific filings or anything you need to do. Maybe it's different in different countries, I don't know. But, I believe all you would really need to do is um make sure it's a separate product uh in in RevenueCat and in like App Store Connect or Google Play Store. Um in that way, you can really easily in Charts just break down like this is the amount I made from this product. I think you can also do this in App Store Connect or uh Google Play Store as well. Um and then as long as you can see how much money you made from each product then in in a month, then you know each month how much you should donate to whatever the charity of choice is. So, I think that's all you would need to do, but it would be on you to make sure obviously that happened. It would not be some automated system. Not that you couldn't build some automated system, but it wouldn't be something that you could do with App Store Connect, you know, directly necessarily. Um I see a question on here. This is a good one. For onboarding, I've gone straight into the pain point plus demo with no upfront questions. I see a lot of apps take the questionnaire approach. Am I missing out? So, this is a super interesting area uh to me anyway, because it's not really intuitive. To me, the most intuitive approach to, you know, increase conversion out of onboarding is make your onboarding as short and sweet as possible, which would be like show the pain point, maybe have a little demo, just so users know that that's there, and get them into the app as soon as you can. And like the most optimal onboarding would be no onboarding at all. This is the very like Apple approach of like the app should be clear, so clear that you don't even need to do onboarding. You just open it and they know what to do. Um what many companies have found is that having a long onboarding with lots of questions um actually converts better. And I think the theory on this is that the longer your onboarding is, the more like value you're conveying to the user that this app has. So, if you open up a uh you know, an AI uh fitness, you know, training app, and it goes straight into the training program, and you hit a button and it and it starts your weightlifting or whatever, and it kind of makes sense, and you start learning, and you kind of use it. That sounds all great, but if a paywall pops up, you might be like, ah, like I don't know how much this app really has to offer. Um whereas if you open up that same app, and there's just this really long onboarding that just keeps listing new features, uh and importantly, has questionnaires where it's asking you all these questions, even if that's annoying to you, what it's like signaling to you is there's a lot inside of here, and there's a lot that's super personalized to me. Even if you don't do anything with those questions. Um and in fact it's actually a popular kind of thing for onboarding uh flows to add like a fake essentially fake uh like spinner. You know, you answer a couple questions and then you might do this animation that's like putting together your custom profile. And even if it only takes you know, a couple seconds or a second for the computer to actually do that work. If you extend the length of that, and people have run experiments on this, they just played with the length of that. Extending the length of that signals to the user that you're doing a bunch of stuff with this. This I'm doing some hard work for you. Um, and that actually increases conversion down the line because it gives the impression um, I shouldn't say impression cuz it it doesn't necessarily mean it's an outright lie. It just makes it it signals to them that I'm doing a bunch of stuff. Um, and that gives the user the information that's telling them this is a valuable thing that is not easy to do. It's not small. Um, and I think that's the kind of prevailing theory. But I've also heard from plenty of people that extended their onboarding and tried this tactic and it it tanked their conversion. So, like so many things when it comes to funnels, uh you have to run experiments when there's options to do that. Um, and actually test it. And like the example I gave with the brain rot video, don't just look at the conversion at the exact point that you're looking at. Um, because this onboarding example, I guarantee you that less people make it through the onboarding itself when it's really long. But, if more people convert on the paywall, then it actually is worth it. Um, and so you have to look at the full picture all the way through to is the user paying and is the user, you know, retaining. Like all of those things matter. Um, and that's where tool, you know, obviously I'm from RevenueCat, I'm going to hawk RevenueCat, but some sort of tooling to let you measure all the way down the line is super important if you want to actually actually improve things down the line. >> There's a question question about long onboarding. If you don't need user profiles like questionnaires, but you get success different features based on your user type, do you recommend any good examples in creative tools? Uh I can't say any from like maybe Charlie you have like ideas of creative tools, but I do want to call out one article written by Reese, one of our developer advocates. Uh Which actually outlines how to use like onboarding where you collect uh like information about the customer, like what are they interested? And then they then it uses Apple's uh uh what is this? Like onboard AI to change the paywall content so that is targeting based on the name of the customer, but also I think the app was like for for uh like capturing bird bird singing. So it like actually like what birds are you interested? It uses that and it gives you like customized phrase, like hey, join the app and you can listen this bird hear this bird and log it in your app. I don't I haven't used the app so I'm not sure how it works, but uh the article is on on on our blog and it's actually a really good example how to do onboarding that feels very personalized uh at the paywall step based on the information that you collected from the customer. >> Yeah, I think there's like there's kind of two different things. There's what you just said, which is uh customizing the paywall based on the answers the user gave. And then there's customizing the UI based on what the customer said. Um I think the paywall one is a lot easier to do. Um and it's like pretty high leverage in terms of conversion you might get. So like that's that's one worth trying. Um customizing the UI, so a lot of creative apps actually do this. You know, when you first load it up it'll be like uh you know, if you if you open up like I don't think Photoshop actually does this, but imagine you open up Photoshop and it's like, "Hey, do you do a lot of illustrations or do you do a lot of, you [snorts] know, vector work?" Not that you can do vector work in Photoshop. But, do you do a lot of photos? How about that? And then it They're They already have a bunch of different types of workspaces where the tools all look different. Um and they can customize the first run experience of what the tools look like based on the answers that you gave during that onboarding. Um the problem with that is unless you have a big team, now you have like a ton of different entry points to like test all the time. And so it might be a better experience to make it, you know, a little more standard for people to come in, but then you really like make that really smooth and easy for people to get started. But, I It obviously super depends on your app. But, most of the time when it comes to phone apps in particular, um that's probably not the most common thing. Uh except for maybe if you want to like pre-fill with information. So, imagine you make a cooking app. Uh you could have them go through onboarding and then the first thing they see is like a blank screen. It's like, "All right, go import some recipes." Whereas you could ask like, "What kind of cuisine do you like? Do you like, you know, Indian cuisine or Mexican cuisine or rice or noodles or whatever?" And then you could pre-populate the data based on the answers they gave. And it kind of drops them into an app that already feels alive and useful. Um and that could actually increase, you know, that's part of your onboarding funnel, so to speak. Um that could increase the likelihood that they are to actually start using the app regularly and then ultimately become a paying user. Um let's see. So, we are technically at time, but I at least have some time. I don't know Looks like it's still bright out, so it's not like it's midnight for you there in Sweden. So, >> No, it's >> Um maybe we can answer a couple more if you see uh if you see any other ones. >> Um >> There's one this is like more of a technical. So, I'm starting a shipathon late and decided to do an influencer category. Can I reach out to the specific influencer for feedback or uh because they're just this with great bias. Uh yeah, please don't reach out. Uh so so they most likely wouldn't even answer you if you reached out. Uh very busy people and and you're supposed to be able to work with the brief that the influencers have given given you. So. That's a quick one then. What else? >> There's another one about should I launch the MVP after I complete or should I launch an incomplete MVP just to complete the Google Play Store testing? So, I don't know if you didn't hear what we said earlier, but definitely uh definitely get the MVP or the incomplete version into the testing category as soon as you can. Uh like as soon as you can. Definitely always prioritize that. Um oh, uh Andy brought up uh a perk tip. So, Mavin, which is one of the uh ones in the ship kit, they have a bunch of onboarding flows. They are like super great for looking at onboarding examples and paywall examples. Um definitely recommend uh utilizing that perk for sure. Let's see. Do you have any good examples in the app world that did a great job in these specific funnel stages? Um this is like a cop-out answer, but like the there's there's a lot of like obviously you can look at a lot of big apps and see highly optimized onboarding flows and App Store pages and everything. Um the thing is that especially those big apps I they're so well optimized to their specific audience and for a company of their size that like it's not necessarily a thing that where you want to look at what they did and copy it necessarily. I will say it's worth looking at what they're doing and trying it as an experiment. Um but as a starting place, you know, a lot of them are running these big ad campaigns and and then they're optimizing their funnel based on that type of user coming in, right? And which is uh most likely different than what you as a smaller developer are doing. Um so I'm trying to think of a good like again, this is like a lame answer, but I like I recommend listening to Sub Club uh because a lot of like David has a lot of conversations with people who will talk about the experiments they ran and the lessons that they learned. And like the specific outcome is less important than hearing them talk through the rationale because then you can similar to what me and Part 2 just did with Dark Noise, right? It's like you shouldn't just do what I did because you might not be in the same situation. But if you can take that mentality and then apply it to your app and your user base, uh that can be a really helpful like starting point to give you ideas for things that you should experiment with. I feel I don't like that answer and I feel like that was a bad one cuz I I I I want to just say use this one, but it's like I could say like look at Flighty because everything Flighty does is amazing, but Flighty's like their cohort is extremely different than my cohort. Like people downloading an ambient noise app are very different than the type of person downloading a uh flight tracking app, right? So like Yeah, I don't know. >> Yeah. >> Do you have any examples? >> But I would I would I I would still call out Flighty as a good example where you have a freemium level which actually makes the app useful for you, uh but Flighty does very good a job at converting you to a paid customer from that. Like in two different ways. Like you might subscribe for a yearly subscription because you're like okay, I'm going to be traveling a lot. But then they also utilize a weekly subscription. Because sometimes you're just traveling for for vacation for one week and you just want to be on top of the flights for that period. And then you subscribe for a week. And of course in that case the money that you pay is like technically higher than for the yearly. But you still feel like you got a lot of value out of it during that period. So and I would call that like part of the funnel part where you're like winning back the user when they've already turned out. Uh like a good way of actually doing that. Uh that like instead of focusing on on like getting new customers in, you focus on winning back the customers that were customers before or have been using it for free for a longer time and you just like think of like how could I get them to convert and focus on those cuz uh there's this 100 loyal fans theory that you could make a decent business by having 100 loyal fans that pay you for pay pay money for you. Uh I don't remember who who who launched the idea, but like you can make a pretty good app if you have 100 loyal customers and just focus on 100 like 100 loyal customers and keeping them paying uh from from like long time. So >> Uh and then I'll just call out this last one real quick and then we can wrap it up. So Andy quoted what I assume is the App Store guidelines here. This is related to the question about uh charities. So he said this is this is a direct quote from I'm not entirely sure where, but I'm assuming the App Store guidelines. It says, "Unless you are an approved nonprofit or otherwise permitted under section 3.2.1 above, collecting funds within the app for charities and fundraisers. Uh apps so the upshot of this is apps that seek to raise money for such causes must be free on the App Store and may only collect funds outside of the app such as via Safari or SMS. So, that is a good callout. Uh what I was thinking of is more the like it's like you're running a sale and you're saying X percentage of my sales this this month are going to go to some charity or something like that. But yeah, I now that that does ring some bells that like you can't just have a button that says you know, pay here to collect money for this charity. Um I didn't I don't think that was necessarily what the person was asking. They were more saying like can I have a a product in my app where I say the the proceeds from this go towards a charity, which I think is technically different. I see that a lot on the App Store in high-profile apps. Like uh the late Apollo um by Christian Selig, the Reddit app that was really really popular. They had multiple like icons you could buy that would go straight towards, you know, um uh like animal shelters or some stuff like that. Um and those were really highly publicized and well-known. But maybe technically that was breaking the law, but it's one of those things where who is going to like come after you for you know, doing that. I don't know. So, again, not a lawyer, not legal advice. Uh but I wanted to call that out just because uh that's worth calling out that it is I maybe made it sound more okay than maybe it actually is. So, uh you know, do your call your own lawyer or take your own chances if you're going to uh if you're going to do some sort of donation-based thing. All right. Uh so, yeah, that's it. So, like I said earlier, uh next week on Tuesday, Julie's going to join and talk about paywall design tips and tricks. Uh I'm very excited about this one personally, just because that's an area where I've kind of been focusing uh lately. So, I'm excited to see what she talks about there. And that's it. Uh thank you everybody for joining. Thank you all for all the questions. And Pair 2, thank you for joining me from the lobby of the hotel uh that you're giving a talk at. Uh