Um, so yeah, that's that. So before we get into the uh the kind of point of this webinar, I kind of want to talk about what's going on in the world of the Shipeton. So uh Shippeton IRL is our uh series of live events that are happening all over the world. We've been partnering with different developer communities um to make real events happen and there's a bunch of them going on throughout the entire event and there's already some that have happened. So, uh, to start with was our Tokyo kickoff party. This is what I was mentioning earlier. Um, we hosted this at Revenue Cats Vibe Coding CatFay that was running all week, which was an amazing event. Uh, and it culminated in us doing a kickoff event. We did a live stream where we kind of did a Q&A with the group there as well as, uh, talked about what the event's all about. I dressed up as a boat for some reason. Uh, and we shot confetti cannons uh into the space and then had to clean all that up. So, uh, it was a really fun event. Uh, thank you for everyone who who showed up for that. Um, also, Coco Heads MK in Scopier, Macedonia, uh, they did their own kickoff event. Uh, that sounded like it was really fun. Um, they're also, if you're in the area, they're also doing every Saturday, I think through the entire event, uh, they have a co-working space where people can come together, work on their projects, share it, share it with each other. Um, and I think they're talking about doing another event, uh, at some point through, uh, during the Shipon as well. So, keep your eyes out for that. Um, Community Kit, they uh they're an online community uh focused more on iOS development and they did a online app jam over the whole weekend um where they kind of encouraged people to come up with an app idea and pitch the app idea at the end. Um I joined in from Tokyo uh for like a Q&A session which was in the middle of the night. So I'm worried to go back and listen to that uh because I I don't know what what I said, but it was a lot of fun. Uh and so thank you community kit for doing that event. And then uh there's a bunch more coming soon. So uh there's core coffee happening in Vancouver. Um and in incanas I'm pronouncing that wrong. Uh there's an event coming up there as well. Um and then in Melbourne uh there's Coco Heads uh there is running an event uh coming up in in August. So there's a bunch of events coming. Uh if you go to our website and go to the uh find an event near you page, uh you'll see a bunch of events there. Um and you can see what ones are in your area and check back often because there is more and more events kind of being added as more communities learn about the shipon and want to get involved. Uh so definitely keep your eyes out for that. And then also uh around the world of Shipaton there's the hashtag buildinpublic and also shippeton. Uh the internet has already kind of exploded with uh shipping energy everywhere. We've been kind of blown away. Uh all of our like revenue cap social uh tracking uh systems are kind of broken because there's just so much energy and so much posting and it's been extremely exciting. I recommend everybody uh just on any platform of choice just search and you're bound to see some really inspiring stuff. Uh but I wanted to highlight just a couple of them uh here. So uh Hidataka homie uh he was in uh Japan and he came to our catf and he actually interviewed uh a bunch of us while we were there and he's been doing a daily video series talking about him building his app. I think he calls it uh 60k in 60 days challenge. Uh and that's been really fun to watch. Also, uh Gustavo, uh he's been posting about an app that is it's like a Pokédex for cats. So, the idea is you can take pictures of cats that you see around your neighborhood and it'll identify the cat um and then like add it to your Pokédex and you can sort of build uh this app. Every every single time he posts a little video about his updates, uh I get more and more excited to play with it because it just looks really delightful. Uh, and then Camo uh is making these incredibly engaging uh videos that are really really high like storytelling uh quality about him and his partner in Colombia and how they've been working on their app uh called Gerwi um and kind of like how they met each other, how they became developers. It's it's really inspiring and so I'd really uh recommend that you check them out. Um, so yeah, so that's uh kind of what's going around in in the world of Shipeton. Uh, definitely keep adding to the building public energy all over the internet. Uh, we're excited to see that and attend an event near you. All right, so let's get to the actual tips and tricks for successful Chipathon submissions. Uh, so the first one here is obvious, but you have to say it because a lot of people don't. Please read the rules. Uh the very first thing that we say in our rules is what you're actually supposed to build. So make sure that your app is an iOS, Mac OS, or Android app and that you publish that app to the App Store or Google Play Store and use the RevenueCat SDK to power at least one inapp purchase. And then the really big one that has tripped up a lot of people uh last year is the very first version of your app must be released in the App Store or the Google Play Store during our event between August 1st and September 30th. So if that's not the case, your app your submission immediately will be disqualified. So please make sure that your app falls within those guidelines. Um on top of that, we have overall submission requirements that are required for every submission. Um I'm not going to go through necessarily every one of these, but kind of the highlights here are um every submission must include a video. And we'll talk a little bit more about this here in a minute, but it's important to note that the judges are only required to watch 3 minutes. So, you're it's perfectly fine to include a longer video if you want. Um, but you're going to really want to make sure you frontload that with the information that you want judges to see in that first three minutes because that is the that is the only thing that's actually required of all the judges. Um, and then obviously you need to include a URL to your truly published app on the on the App Store, the Google Play Store. And then there's a couple specific asset requirements. So, make sure you include a 1024 x 1024 app icon as well as a screenshot of your app um one main screenshot of your app that does not have any frames like device frames around it. And we need that because if your app is one of the winners that's included in the uh billboards on Time Square, we're going to need a raw screenshot so we can include that in our templates because we're going to have a really quick turnaround for once we select winners and once they're up on the billboard. So, make sure you include all of that information um or all those assets as well so that we can make sure that your app is fully valid. Um and then also if you want judges to have access to your premium features, if you're wanting to show those off, make sure there's a way for judges to to do that. Um, so you either need to have a free trial or uh include a promo code so that judges can um can use that to unlock features if they start diving into your app. Um, yeah. So that's the main like submission requirements that kind of applies to to everything. Um, and then I want to talk about like tips for the video itself that you that you make. Um, I think like I already said, the judges are only required to watch the first 3 minutes. Um, so you're really going to want to frontload like the unique features about your app. Make sure you explain what your app is and what problem it's solving right at the beginning. Uh, so that judges have the context of what it is that you're building right away. Um, and then some less like super obvious stuff, make it stand out. uh make it like unique and compelling in some way. That's going to be the kind of stuff that really catches judges eyes and they remember as they're going through a lot of submissions. Um and to that note, like focus on the story that you're telling. If you want people to remember uh remember your app and your submission, um make sure you take us on a journey in some capacity that that kind of explains what a problem is um and then tells us how to solve that. and Peru is going to walk us through. He's he has a lot of experience doing exactly this, so he's going to explain that here in a second. Um, but yeah, we'll get to that. Um, another one is use a clear voice. Uh, this is this is kind of an interesting one, but last year, uh, even though AI was a little earlier, I think at that period, there was a lot of submissions where people used a like AI voice as the voice over in their video, and that was actually really great. Um, we're not we're not judging you based on your, you know, narration and voice over skills or how high quality of a microphone you have or something like that. And so, um, don't be afraid to use like one of those voice generators, um, to clearly articulate your story. It might not be the most engaging uh as as your natural voice, but if you're uncomfortable with that, if you uh English isn't your native language and you really want to make sure that it's like super clear for the judges to hear, uh don't be afraid of that. It's not going to like hurt you um in any way. Um and then also don't just tell. Also show us your app. Uh you can't just say like I did all these features, I made all these things. as you're explaining that, show us the actual app in action. That's what we're really looking for. Um, I see Tenme is saying, "Is it okay to use AI generated B-roll clips in the video to support the story?" Yeah, I think don't use AI generated content uh that is misrepresenting what your app does. Uh, so I wouldn't like AI generate animations in your app or something like that that aren't really in there because uh if we open your app and see that it actually isn't the thing you showed in the video, that's going to be an instant red flag. Um, but I think it's totally fine to use uh to to use AI video generation for your B-roll if it's, you know, helping push that that story that you're trying to tell us. Um, I think that's totally fine. Um, and then the other thing is show us the money. This isn't just like a normal hackathon where you're going to talk about the architecture that you use to build your app or all the frameworks that you used. It's okay to mention those, but we're looking at the overall the app, the end product itself. Uh, we want to understand the business decisions that you made. Um, why it's a good design and why it's a good uh uh app compared to competitors. And if technology plays into that story, that's amazing. Like definitely want to hear that. Um, if technology plays into how you were able to integrate features uh from feedback you got while you were building in public, that makes sense, too. So, I'm not saying don't talk about the tech at all. Obviously, this is we're all still developers here, but uh don't just don't get too hung up talking about technology and forget the broader picture because this is really about shipping an app and making money doing it. And that's kind of that's kind of the story. Um, and to that end, I've been talking a lot here. Uh, pairu you, how many how many uh, hackathons have you participated in? >> I think it's over 70. I know. I don't know how many is over 70 at this point. So, >> quite a lot. >> Yeah. So, you have a ton of experience uh building apps quickly, but also creating submissions or or doing them in person um creating pitches for your hackathon. And so, you told me that you've developed kind of a a framework for how you do that. >> Yeah. Yeah. And and I would also say that it's a successful framework. Uh do didn't we have a slide about it? uh one like yeah >> we have I've won I this is I'm pretty sure is correct so 45 hackathons have been won with this >> this very simple thing the pitching so and most of them like towards the end of like the 70 hackathons so in the beginning of course stumbled a bit but then I found out this really works so uh when you're pitching your idea your app uh whatever it basically is you you should start by defining who has a problem. So, who are you building the product you're building it for? Uh who's going to use it? Who's going to benefit from from from it? And then you're going to move on to establishing clearly like what is their problem? What is the problem that they have? And then you tell that okay this is the solution that I came up with and then you show that solution in in in practice. Uh so that's for example the demo of you showing the app itself. Uh so if you want like an example how how this could work. Let's say that you've built a very simple to-do app. So you could then frame that okay uh college students have a problem that they have a lot of things that they have to remember to check off their list. That's the that who has a problem and their problem is that they have to remember a lot of things. And then you say that okay I've built an app where you can put those things in a list and as you do them you click them off and you and that's how it works and then you start showing it and you could show for example this is where you you should you should usually aim for this kind of like a aha moment like what does this how does this differ from all the other apps on the market that might do something similar. So demo is your time to shine. So let's say that you've built a to-do app, but the only way to accomplish the to-do market as done is to take a selfie. So you have to show that at that point. And now you have a very clear structure of of like who has a problem, what problem they have, what's the solution, and how the solution works. If you follow this, uh that means that whoever judge whoever is watching it will also be able to follow along easily and know that what you've actually built and why why it is worth winning. Yeah, I think I think this is a really good like uh framework to sort of build your main video around, especially especially those first three minutes. Like make sure that you kind of get the answers to all of these in there as well. Um I would also say like an interesting element to ours on top of this is uh >> is that we have all these different categories that you might be aiming for. And so, you know, the way that ours works, it's it's not like you have to submit for a specific category and then you're not part of all of them. So, you're kind of aiming for all of them that at least all of them that your app is is reasonably valid for. Um, but I do think it's probably smart to as as part of your submission, especially to kind of pick what are the ones you really want to hammer home and make sure you include as part of this original 3minut pitch uh that you're bringing in the elements that are going to help push the narrative for your category that you're really pushing for. So, if you are really like gunning for the build-in public award, you know, you might want to pull in that that storytelling uh element and how what you've shared was integrated into the app and maybe tell a specific story about, you know, a feature or a bug that was found um through that that process. or uh or if you're if you're really going for the design award, really highlight, you know, the design of the app and specific flourishes and stuff in that original 3 minutes. Um and then you can use the rest of the video to really like flesh out more if if you want to make it longer. But um as is often the case, both of us are developer advocates and we exist kind of in the marketing department at our companies. And I think I think it's pretty fair to say that these types of things, you want to make them tight uh and concise and really like >> hammer home the specific points you want and not lose people's attention uh kind of in the middle. Um and so yeah, definitely definitely want to do that as well. >> Yeah, we have two questions. First one about the ship kit. Why hasn't been sent yet? Uh Charlie, correct me on this. I think we're it's on a rolling basis, right? We're sending them out every day or so. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, the the the ship kit is it's the process for sending those out to make sure they're unique per person means that um our system kind of we're saying that the ship kit will be sent to you within 48 business hours or 48 hours of business days. I think that's how that works. Um from the time that you register. So, I think we're sending them out every night, but the way that they're rolling out is it might be 48 hours after um after you've registered before you actually get that email. So, that's how that works. If it's been, you know, 2 days or 3 days uh since you registered and you still haven't seen one, feel free to reach out. Um but that's that's kind of the main the main issue. Um and yeah, also it could be in it could be in your spam. Uh that is certainly a possibility. And so check your spam uh as well or or like if you're using Gmail as uh um someone in the chat just pointed out uh if if you have like the automatic sorting going on it might be showing up in promotions like that might be how Gmail is uh organizing that for you. >> Yeah. Then we have another one about can you submit more than one app? And I guess the answer is that definitely but as as a single submission always separate submissions for for every app. >> Exactly. Yeah. Each each app needs to be its own submission but you are absolutely free to uh to submit more than one app if you have more than one uh more than one valid app. Uh so yeah definitely that is totally fine. Um all right I think I let's see I'm looking in the discord see people typing but I don't see any questions in there yet. So, we'll get to that if uh if we see those and we can kind of move on. Oh, can one apply to multiple categories? Yeah. So, that's what I was kind of mentioning earlier. Um the way the categories work, you don't have to you don't have to pick one category for it to be applying to. Um it's sort of automatically included in in any categories it's valid for. Um the one the one kind of piece to that is when you do your submission uh we have a series of questions that you have to answer as part of your submission and a lot of the questions will say for the one signal award include your app's one signal um ID for example or or include the story of or include links of how you built in public or something like that. And so if you don't fill those questions out then your app won't be valid for those categories. But as long as you're filling out the the answers for that specific category's questions, then your app will be considered for that category. If that makes sense cuz not app is not every app is going to be make sense for every category because maybe you didn't build in public or maybe you didn't in uh build your app with uh cotlin multiplatform or something like that. So some of the categories are are more limited in terms of who's who's valid or not. Um okay. So the the last thing for the uh like broader scope all categories uh tips is the description itself. So the thing that every app's going to have to include is a video and then there's a description which is basically like kind of like a blog post um if you will for your app. And I think the way to treat this section is it's like a written version of the video. So a lot of the same things we just talked about you're going to want to think through. um in the description itself. So, make sure you're explaining what is the problem that the app solves. Uh make sure you highlight any unique features and then tell a compelling story. Um try to like explain why your app exists and and what problem it solves. Uh one thing to keep in mind with this is there is going to be specific questions for each of the categories in the submission process. So you don't necessarily have to include everything about build in public or everything about uh you know how you utilized one signal or anything in here. But that being said, you can I would just put those more towards the end and make sure the beginning of your description is is that tighter, you know, storytelling highlevel explanation of what the app is. Um so that would be my recommendation there. I don't know if you have anything you want to add uh for this section pair too. >> No, that's that pretty much covers it. Cool. So now we can move on to like kind of the each Oh wait, I see another question popped in here. Um, do updates on apps count? For example, the MVP is launched in mid August and multiple features are added in September. Then which version will be assessed as part of the submission? So unfortunately that's that's where that main rule comes in. The very first version of your app has to be released during this window. Um that is the point of this competition really. That's why we call it the shipon is get that app that you've been working on or that app idea that you've had shipped. Um so that is ultimately the main requirement is that the very first version of your app needs to be released during the window. So if you if it's an app that's already released before the shipon started, it's not going to be valid. You need to create a new app um to be part of part of this competition. Yeah, >> you can often say like if you >> uh if you release your first version of the app in August and you make updates all the way until end of September, uh in the submission, you're probably going to record the video of the most up-to-date version of your app. So that of course like we don't like judge it based on the first first version of the app. It's based on the version that you show us in the video. >> That's a that's a really good point. Yeah, it's not we're not judging the first version specifically because we're probably not going to ever see the first version. We're going to see the version at the point that we start the judging process. Um, and you should also think about that with your submission. It's okay to submit your app early and then update it. Uh, that's totally fine. Uh, but >> think about your >> what's that? >> Even preferred, I would say, and release. >> Yeah, that's a good point. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, certainly. Uh we highly recommend that you release the app as early as possible. Uh one because of the the grand prize which we're about to talk about um like explicitly is about what do you do after you release the first version but also because app stores uh app store guidelines and app store uh review are finicky beasts. Uh, and sometimes you can get hung up in app review just because the reviewer that's looking at your app happened to get confused or or you've ran a file of a specific uh guideline or something like that. And so it is always better to release your app early in an in a super MVP state and then iterate from there. Um, and then your submission will be the most the most iterated version, but once you have it in the store, you're like secured that you have that app out there. Um, and also you're getting feedback from people and you, you know, you have an opportunity to, uh, um, to improve your app better, I think, whenever once you have users. So, uh, yeah, highly recommend that people add or, uh, submit the app to the app store early, as early as as you can, as you have an MVP version of it. Um, does the first version need to have a Revenue Cat SDK or can it be added later? Yeah. So that we're going to be judging that based on the version that we look at when uh when we do judging. So yeah, you could release your app without monetization now if you wanted to and then add in the Revenue Cat SDK uh after the fact. I would say it's generally better to to get your monetization uh scheme figured out earlier because if you wait, you have to think about like uh grandfathering in your original users and how do you think about different things. But sometimes that's not a big deal. If if you release like a free version of the app first and then you start adding premium features and those are behind a payw wall, uh then you don't have to worry about that problem at all. So yeah, uh but to answer your question, ultimately uh we're only looking at that last version of the app. So that's the one that needs to include the Revnikat SDK. >> There's one question in Discord about any specific tips for games. Uh I guess no, I guess pretty much same rules apply and and like >> launch and build and and and grow. Yeah, I think yeah, I think almost everything we're saying, if not everything we're saying applies equally to games as it would to like a productivity app. Um, yeah, I think games obviously have a have a opportunity have two unique opportunities to stand out in terms of obviously design uh is one where you can really stand out, but also uh our ham award the help apps make money which we'll talk about here in a second. That one's about the monetization method and uh games I think are an area where you can experiment with uh different monetization methods even easier. That said, absolutely productivity apps uh can and should be doing that as well and that's why we created that award. Um but I think games like more naturally you see games experimenting with these things uh even more. All right. Um let's go ahead and start talking about the individual categories. So, uh, the first one is the grand prize, the building grow award. Um, so this is this is the award that's specifically about releasing your app, releasing it early. Um, one thing that came I've noticed that's come up a lot with this one actually is we got a lot of questions early on that were like, uh, if I don't release my app on literally day one, am I even is it even possible for me to win this award? Yes. We're The point of this award isn't who can release their app the soonest. The point of this award is who can release their app and then grow their app from there the most effectively. Um, now obviously the earlier you release it, the more time you have to experiment and find something that will help your app grow. Um, but there isn't like a we're not going to be looking at when did your first app come out and that is like the most uh like a heavily weighted part of our our judging here. Um, another big set of questions that we had related to this one is what are the numbers we're looking at? Do we care more about revenue? Do we care more about MR? Um and our answer to that is what we care about is did you find growth for your business? Uh so really what the real question there is what are the numbers that you care about as part of your business. So obviously revenue, number of users, uh MR, those are going to be very common versions of these metrics that we'd like to see. Um, but maybe for your app, you're trying to build a really really big user base. That's the most important thing. Um, and then you then you want to like, you know, find a way to uh uh monetize that user base. And so maybe and and if you can tell that story and explain why that's the most important thing to your business, um, then number of users that you have might be way more important than revenue right off the bat. Um, or maybe what you care more about is uh your uh churn being really low or having a high life LTV, lifetime value per customer so that you can scale up with advertising or something. Um, and so you could like really hone in on building a really effective onboarding flow. And so maybe your ultimate MR numbers aren't the biggest in the world, but you've explained the numbers that you're the business goals that you're trying to achieve and the way that you tried to achieve those. That is really what we're looking for here. Uh so it's not just a we open all the apps and we sort by the amount of revenue they have and we pick the one that's the biggest there. It's really more about like tell us the story of what what it is that you care about for your business and then tell us what you tried to make those numbers better and then what was the end result of those numbers. That's that's kind of ultimately what we're looking for. I don't know. Do you have anything to add on uh on the grand prize? No, I would just highlight that that you can grow an app really quickly, but it is a lot easier the sooner faster you launch to actually start growing from there because it's an iterative process. So, >> yeah, exactly. Uh and and also like failures aren't bad here either. I think >> showing us that you ran like five different experiments that didn't work and then you finally found something that is kind of helping you uh helping you grow here that is extremely compelling and I think shows a lot of maturity in understanding how the business operates. Um whereas somebody who never iterates but they just happen to get lucky uh and so they like went viral or something like that. Um that obviously is very good too but you know we're we're kind of looking at all of those different angles uh as part of this as part of this uh award. All right so we can go on to the next one. So build in public uh this is this is our award for the person or team who uh shares the most interesting development journey across the internet. Um and it can be all over the internet. Um and then also we really want to hear the story of how that process helped your app. Um and that could be as simple as motivation but also like the feedback you were getting as you were building in public. um how that worked into your app and specific areas of your app that you changed because of that feedback. Um that's that's kind of another piece that we're looking for uh with the build-in public award and and a question we often get with this one is, you know, does it matter that I don't have a huge following? Um and that's that is absolutely not what we're judging. We're not judging how big of an influencer are you before this started or how many followers did you add throughout this. Um yeah, I see somebody's asking what is most interesting story. How is this measured? Uh I mean really it's it's measured in uh it's measured in the heart. Uh it's it's not like a number. That's why I guess what I was saying it's not measured by number of follows, number of likes, the amount of engagement you got. It's really about uh you know what is it that you were doing and how did that help your app development at a personal level and you need to explain to us and tell us the story of of how that came into play. Um that's like a big part of what we're what we're looking for as part of the building public award. Um, it's not just like I created the most amount of uh the most amount of posts or the longest video or anything like that. It's really more about how it impacted your app. Um, and one of the one of the questions we got in Tokyo was what's more important here? Is it quantity or is it quality? U, which I thought was a really interesting question that I hadn't fully thought thought through. Um, and I think what I wanted to say was, and I think what I initially said actually was, uh, what we're really looking for is creativity. It's more about like, is the thing you're doing, does it stand out? Is it interesting? Is the story you're telling really good? Um, but then even as I was explaining it, I think I realized that the second half to what we're looking for here is, you know, how did it impact what you were doing? uh what what you built actually and in order for you to create a little community around the thing that you're building um and get feedback to incorporate into your app. I do think quantity actually is a major component here. Um and we're not judging it based on quantity. We're not looking at how many posts did you make, but I think if you're making if you're regularly posting um about the the app that you're building and the updates you've made, every one of those is a is you're creating more and more opportunity for engagement with the community that will then fold into into the app that you're building. And so, um, as much as I don't want to admit it, I think quantity, if if you had to choose between the two, I think I might actually say quantity is more important. um only because of the opportunities that it it will create for you um not because we're necessarily judging based on quantity. Does that does that make sense what I'm saying? Pu I feel like I'm >> expressing my my emotional uh you know reaction to that question but >> yeah no it makes to me this makes sense. >> Uh and hopefully that answers your question about how is the most interesting story measured. Um because yeah it's like a lot of these things, it a lot of it comes down to the the story that you tell us and the how that emotionally resonates uh with the judges. And so that's you know that's a big part of it here. Um moving on. So it gets a little simpler from here. So the buzziest launch award. So this is the award that's all about uh your actual like launch itself. So, um, what you need to include in your submission is, uh, outline your launch marketing strategy and then how did that launch go? Um, like I said, this one's pretty straightforward. I think, you know, the biggest thing here is obviously include metrics on how the launch itself went. Uh, that's going to be a big part of it. And then the other part of it is like how creative was the idea? Um, you know, was it a really interesting video? Did you find some interesting uh viral mechanic to take advantage of uh as part of your launch? Um I mean there's a lot of ways that you can launch an app, but that's that's what we're looking for. And like everything else, tell us a story. Explain to us why you did what you did and and how you know it actually came out. Um >> one thing I would go ahead >> Yeah. is that I I think it's technically you can also launch multiple times. So let's say you launch the app one time and no one notices it. Like you get one retweet and that's it. And then you realize that okay I need to build this feature and you build that and you launch again like hey I'm launching this app it does this thing now and that becomes a hit. Then of course you talk about that. So, so launching like despite it being like like sounding like something that happens only once, nothing stops you from launching your app multiple times. Like I think there's even like uh uh Brian Chesy, the founder of of of Airbnb said that like they had to launch Airbnb three times before it actually like started to off at all. So >> I think uh I think that's part of RevenueCat's origin story as well. I think uh yeah, >> there was an initial launch which was basically a Reddit post and uh >> the traction wasn't necessarily huge and then there was another just launch like as if it was totally brand new um before they really started kind of gaining that traction. And so yeah, like >> that is a really good point that I I hadn't thought about. Um >> and I think that would be a fun part of your story as part of the submission as well. >> Yeah. >> Uh is is taking multiple runs at it and then maybe hitting it on one of those later ones. Uh I think that's a cool idea. Um, okay. Yes. So then the next one is the the HAM award. So this is this is an acronym we use internally. Uh, it's the help developers make money. That's kind of the one of the mantras of our company. That's kind of the goal of our company. Um, and so this is the award that goes to the project that designs the most like interesting or robust or creative uh monetization strategy. And so what we're looking for here is explain what your business model is. Uh how you're making money here and then why why you're doing that. Um I think also I didn't include this in the description and maybe I should have but I would also be interested to hear you know how it's work how it's worked out for the app so far. Do you think that this was the right strategy to go for or do you think you should have done something different? Um but yeah that's that this award is really about the the sort of business side of the app. um and why you made the decisions that you made. Do you have anything you'd wanna you want to add here, Peru? >> No, I think that pretty much covers it. Yeah, >> like we have uh if you look at the revenue SDK and all the different ways you can you can monetize your app. Uh and not to toot my own horn horn too much, but I've written few different blog post recently about different kind of monetization strategies. So you can you can go out to the Revycat blog and and steal some of those and it will probably work pretty well in this case at least. >> Yeah, that's a good idea. And I see Mitchie asked in the chat, uh, will there be some online sessions about Revikat features and how to integrate it into the app? Um, yes. So we have a lot of webinars uh coming up that will be talking about you know a lot of different things including a lot of our sponsors uh uh and like how you can integrate you know their features into your app as well. Um but then we do have some that are focused on revenue. I think we're going to do one uh specifically around payw walls which will probably cover experiments as well. Um, and then also I'll plug uh we do regular webinars uh uh like we we don't call them office hours I don't think but they're essentially like Friday we do a demo of our app and open the floor for people for questions. When I say we I mean Revanat the the company. Um I don't know exactly when the next one is scheduled but I would keep your eye out for for that as well if you have specific questions. I see Brennan typing in the chat. he's probably going to uh uh answer that here because I know he does those sometimes as well. Um but yeah, so we will we will definitely be talking about uh revenue cap features throughout these webinars as well. Um all right, so looking at the next one, so the best vibes award. Uh so this goes to the app developer that shares the most compelling vibe coding story. Uh essentially this is like um taking advantage of this moment of like everybody's trying to understand how to utilize these these new AI tools um both in their app and uh and in their development process and we want to hear those stories because I mean selfishly as a indie developer myself and also as a revenue cat employee I think all of us are trying to understand what is the best way to to use these tools to help us build better apps. Um, and so that's kind of what this this award is all about. So, we have a list of uh vibe coding partners that you can find in our rules. Um, and these are these are all part of our like sponsorships that we're doing here. Um, and so if you use any of the uh tools that are in that that list um then you can like share your story about how you utilize them in your submission. um and you'll be eligible for for this category. Um I can move on. So the RevCat Peace Prize. So we talk a lot about making money here at RevenueCat, which is amazing, but also we do want to highlight the fact that apps are like great for humanity. Um, and so we really wanted to like highlight any apps that are doing something that uh provides like a a social good for the world and build an opportunity to really highlight those apps above above all. So that's what the Revenue Cap Peace Prize is all about. Um, so ultimately what we're really looking for here is again uh the the thing I keep saying over and over is tell us a good story. explain to us why um the thing that you've built is is helping the world or even helping one individual who's got a unique problem or it's helping, you know, a large group of people who all share the same kind of problem. Um that's kind of the the story that we're ultimately looking for here. And bonus points if you if you have a uh uh uh what's the word I'm looking for? A testimonial. If you have reviews, especially if you release early, uh, and you start getting reviews from customers, if you can pull those in as like evidence of, you know, real people are using this and it's helping them, uh, that's even going to help, you know, kind of boost this, uh, submission even even more, I think. Um, I can go ahead and move on. So, the Revenue Cat design award, uh, we did this one last year as well. So, this is kind of exactly what it says on the tin. This is for the app that uh has the most like beautiful design or interesting user experience. Um and also like cool fun animations. Uh this is really where you can just flex your design uh in fun muscles um and showcase that heavily. So, your video should absolutely be highlighting uh all of these features and showing off any animations that you did. Um, but also in your in your both in your video and your written submission, please feel free to uh tell us how hard it was to build your thing. You know, I mean, whenever Apple uh talks about a product that they've released, they don't hesitate to tell you, you know, how they had to custom build a million, you know, parts in order to get to this design that looks really simple. I mean, this is your opportunity to go full Johnny IV and uh and tell us why the thing you built is the full distillation of the purity of, you know, the problem that you're trying to solve in in its most simple essence or whatever. Um, really take advantage of of your storytelling skills to to kind of explain why your design is as amazing as it is. But also, we're going to be looking at it directly, and that's going to mostly be what we're judging here, I think. Um, all right. And then, uh, one of our big sponsor awards here is the One Signal Award. So, this is for apps that, uh, utilize the One Signal SDK to, uh, elevate user engagement. Uh so here we're it has a unique submission requirement which is you need to make sure you include your one signal app ID to show that you use one signal. Um and then also a description of how how you integrated that SDK and how it helped your app. Um and in particular elevated like user engagement with your app. So how are you were able to take advantage of of the one signal messaging uh platform to to increase engagement in your app. Um and then I think this is our last one is the cotlin multiplatform reach award. So this is for any app that uses uh cotlin multiplatform or compose multiplatform um and publishes both to the apple app store and to Android. So, this one needs to be a crossplatform app pushed to both stores. And remember, both of those uh apps on each store, their submission needs to be during our window between August 1st and September 30th. Um, and then also part of this one is uh is sharing online how you utilized uh Cotlin multiplatform or compose multiplatform in order to build a good app. So you can include like social media posts or anywhere where you kind of shared publicly blog posts something like that um how using these platforms helped you build a highquality crossplatform app and then uh oh I see one question can an Android app be published as a native app at first and then iOS as cotlin multiplatform app later um that is a great question I think I think the idea with this is that they're both um using Cotlin multiplatform. Um I think the way it's written in the rules is uh is that you're using Cotlin multiplatform in order to promote them publicly to both. Um can we release an app in test flight first until we iron out major bugs and release it? Oh, sorry that's unrelated. Um yeah, so for that first one, yeah, I I think I think your final version, I will clarify that with with the team. Um and maybe include that in our Friday newsletter as like a point of clarification for that rule. Uh because that's a really good question that I honestly don't know the full answer to uh right off my off off my head. So I'll get back to you on that one. Um, I also see a question about can we release an app in test flight first until we iron out the major bugs and then release it for the general public? Yeah, absolutely. Um, that's totally fine. Just again remember your the first version of your app needs to be in the stores during our submission window. Um, and so like we mentioned multiple times, really recommend that you get that MVP out into the app store into production as soon as is reasonable because that'll make sure that you get through app review in time. That'll give you more time to get feedback from users and incorporate that into your app. That'll give you more time to build on top of that release for the build and grow award. Um, but yeah, that's definitely totally fine to release in TestFlight uh first. Um, okay. So, uh, a couple more resources and then, uh, we'll kind of open the floor if there's any more, uh, Q&A questions. Um, so, Pu, you recently released a blog post, I think maybe this morning. Um, do you want to explain a little bit about what that is? >> Yeah. Yeah, I think it actually came even yesterday already. Uh but in in short uh there's going to be a series of blog posts called uh essentially how to win shipathon with first one being this how to come up with an app idea and the next one is then going to be about building and then there's going to be one about growing and then most likely a fourth one about like pitching your idea. So telling the story about your app and and the first one is is is very simple. It it basically highlights how to find something uh that you should build. So discover uh a group of people for example users discover what their problem is then validate that if they actually have that problem and if you could build something and how to do that in a way that constantly gives you feedback that you're building the correct thing instead of just uh blindly navigating and hoping that you stumble or something some kind of a gold mine. So, it's definitely worth reading if you're still like unsure about your idea or if you're just interested in shipan and haven't yet come up with any idea uh and now wondering like where to even start for you. It's going to be very beneficial. But also, if you have already an idea that you're pretty sure it's going to be great, doesn't hurt to read that article uh and challenge some of those notions because might be that what what is also said in the article that you're actually the only one with that problem uh and you're just trying to extrapolate that to world and think that everyone has that problem. >> Yeah. Yeah. Those are I'm excited to see this whole series kind of come about. I think it's going to be nice like obviously good content for this hackathon but I think it's also kind of evergreen content for uh for indie developers uh over time and then uh also on Thursday is going to be our next webinar and that is uh co-hosted by Brennan who's in the chat um and uh that's going to be about integrating one signal uh and how to use it to launch nurture campaigns and win back campaigns um and then also episode to talk about the sort of special prize uh for the one signal award. So that is coming up. Um and then yeah, we we're going to keep having these kinds of web webinars uh across uh or throughout this entire uh shipon event. So keep your eyes out for those as they come. Um I see there's a couple more questions right now. Please uh send us any of your questions uh either in Livtorm or in the Discord. Um, and we can get to them uh right now. Um, so I see there's a question that says, "Can an initial Android app version released under the personal Google Play Store account, which was active from 2021 and then transferred to a business Google Play account active from 2025 in order to avoid the 14-day test rule? or does the Android app or must the Android app be released and maintained under one and the same Google Play account? Uh initial I'm not fully understanding what this question is. >> If I'm understanding correctly, I think it's like an already released app. >> Uh like once before has been now transferred to a new account. So technically once it's been released before it no longer Oh the app has never been released. Uh >> if the app has never been released then yeah that should be totally fine. >> Yeah then the account doesn't matter. That's that's like where you're publishing it from is not >> Yeah. Exactly. We don't we don't really care about what account you know what developer account uh the app's released under. Um so long as it's obviously yours. Uh but yeah, as long as the again the first version of your app was released during the Chipoton window between August 1st and September 30th, um then that should be good. Um I don't see Oh, I see a little bit of typing. Okay, I don't see any more questions. So, and there's none in the questions section. Oh, I noticed that Paddle is one of the sponsors. Can Google Play billing allow us to use Paddle Insider app? Isn't that against Google uh Google guidelines? Um, so yes, I believe everywhere. So, it's a little confusing basically. So, yeah, Apple and Google both have rules that say you can't link out to the web for purchases. However, um especially on the Apple side of things, different countries have kind of created laws or legal uh rulings have come out that require them to open that up. So, in the United States, for example, um you are allowed to link out to the web to make a purchase. Um I believe inside of the EU there are there are ways to do that. It's a little bit more complicated, but there are different ways in order to do that. Um, Revenue Cat actually has a web billing product uh that you can use as well. Um, and our payw walls will like link you out to the web um for that as well. The other thing is you can use like your monet you are allowed to have external payments for your apps um no matter what like it's always been allowed. It's just that you can't link to it from inside of your app. So you could have a subscription service app that users can open on the app store and they can subscribe with a normal inapp purchase that's not using a web purchase. But then you can also have a website where people can sign into the same account and they can buy it through the website maybe at a discount or something like that. And that is completely allowed. And in fact, I think that would be that would be an area where um where the the ham award about helping apps make more money. Uh that would be a really interesting monetization method is if you showed us that yes, you have a normal inapp purchase, but then you've also built a win back campaign that uses a web purchase using Paddle or using RevCat billing or Stripe or something like that. Um so yeah, so no more 30 and 15%. Yeah, exactly. So, if you're not making the purchase through the app store, then the fee structure is going to be differently different um depending on what service you use. If you do purchases on the web, there's still going to be fees through whoever your purchase provider is. Um but depending on the price of your app and where it's being sold and how the taxes are working, um it might be quite a bit lower uh if you do that on the web. Um, let's see. If we don't have any more questions, I think we're like right about at time. So, I think we can go ahead and wrap up unless you had something uh some exciting new uh insight that you wanted to share. Peru. >> No, there's a question of more direct answer to this. Uh I think we have the revenue cap documentation has pretty good uh section on battle using battle. >> Yeah, if we can revenue. >> Are you pulling that up to throw in the chat? >> Uh let me check. Oh yeah, but if you have it quicker then >> so if you just I mean if you just like Google search >> revenue cap and paddle uh it'll it'll take you there pretty quickly. >> Yes. this one I think so it's an integration. >> Yep. >> Uh allow your users to subscribe to your app via battle. So take a look at that. It should be pretty straightforward to integrate with >> with Revenue Cat. >> And then also um I'll just throw it in there too. We also have the our web billing um SDK and there's also a Stripe one as well. I guess I'm not going to throw all of them in there, but uh yeah, there's a bunch of different web billing options that you have basically. >> Yeah. >> Cool. All right. Well, thank you uh everybody for joining. Um, like I said, this should be uh available on demand and I'll include links to it in our in our like Friday newsletter that we send out to all ship participants. And uh yeah, keep on building and keep on sharing everything that you're building cuz selfishly I'm getting ridiculously motivated and inspired uh seeing what everybody's doing. And so uh keep it up and uh we'll see you on Thursday. Bye. See you.