are live final AMA. You all ready? Final AMA. Let's do this. I'm expecting very hard questions. Yes. This is this is a weird I was just saying this before we started uh to the team here, but this is this is one of those weird ones where it's like half celebration that we made it and half everybody's stressed out because we're all stressed out because we have a lot going uh coming up with all the judging and everything. And probably a lot of people here are stressed out because they're trying to get apps into review or their app just got in and they're trying to get fixes out or get their submission ready. So, a lot of uh a lot of emotions at this stage in the Shipaton, but uh but I think they're good. I think they're good overall. I'm at least excited. Yeah. Yeah. It should be an exciting time. You know, it might it if if you're stressed, like the good thing about Shipon is even if you don't make the deadline, right, which is like worst case scenario here, you've still hopefully built something that you can put onto the app store. And so, you can you still have a product that now, you know, is integrated with Revenue Cat and everything. So, like there's still, you know, it the world doesn't end on September 30th. Like life still goes on and you have a product and so, you know, even if you do make it into ship it done. Um, you know, just you have a product now. So, it's it's great either way. Nobody loses here. Yeah. Exactly. That's it's honestly my favorite thing about this event is the fact that it's it's like at the end of the day, if you made it, Yeah. you have an app. Like that's the real thing. And I've talked to lots of people. I talked to people who've won like Swift student challenge awards or or Apple design awards even or at least finalists who like the shipon was this cool thing but really it was everything that happened after and this is just kind of the beginning of that story. So I love it. Uh I love it. All right I'm going to go ahead and share my slides here. So this the format for this is less like it's like we don't have prepared talk. You can see all all four of us are here except for Jay Wong who's in South Korean time. Uh so you know it would be like the middle of the night for him. Uh the idea here is we're here to answer your questions and just chat through chat through our feelings, right? Uh so please throw your questions in the chat on YouTube, on Twitter, on LinkedIn, on Discord. Uh a bunch of you already have and we've thrown a bunch in here. So, we'll just go through some of the pre-prepared ones, but we'll be pulling in the conversation that's happening through the chat as well. So, uh please do that because otherwise this will be really short. Although, like I said, we have a bunch already prepared, so I guess it won't be really short. Uh so, who are we? Uh this slide was not prepared, you know, 30 seconds before uh this started. So, all four of us are here. Uh which is very exciting. So, uh I'm Charlie. I'm the dev advocate. I'm the one who calls himself the captain of the shipon. But uh on the bottom left there, or bottom left, bottom right there, you can see uh Peru, who if you've been listening, you've probably heard me reference this before, but Peru is uh the true captain of the shipan at this point. Uh he's the one who's running all the complicated bits when it comes to the competition itself. And then we have uh Ree Kentesh. I'm going in the weirdest order that you can possibly imagine, but Reese is coming uh to us from London, and then Austin is coming to us from Salt Lake City, Utah. So, we've got we've got a big crew here, lots of people who can answer your questions, and probably lots of people who you've interacted with through the ship so far. Uh build in public. So, as usual, the uh conversation online has been extensive. It's gotten especially extensive as we've led up to the end here. Uh but the first one I grabbed is jumping onto this trend that if you haven't seen it, uh I can tell you I had a personal religious experience with Opus 5.5 and video creation also. And lo and behold, there are people that are doing this also with the shipathon. So Mir uh I saw use Opus 5.5 to uh to make like an intro video for their for their app. I highly highly recommend it. Uh so much so that my personal computer is off to the side here and I I had to turn the volume down on it uh right before this started because Opus 5.5 is making some videos for my personal app which is a sound app and so it keeps blaring sounds as it does recordings of itself. Uh so I'm actually doing that myself if you I was going to say if you have some time but the nice thing about these AI bots is you don't you don't have to have time. uh you can just send it on its way, give it, you know, quite a few tokens uh and let it make an intro video or a promo video for your app. Highly recommend it. And Mir did that. Uh Victor also uh has their app ready to go. Um it is this like beautiful looking goals app uh kind of around the idea of sharing letters with friends. Somehow I haven't seen this one. Uh I feel like I've seen everybody's posts, but every time I search the shipon hashtag, I find new ones. Uh, and this one really jumped out at me. Uh, and then Dev uh posted uh milestone. They hit their first hundred users. Sounded like it was from a good Instagram reel. And so very exciting. Uh, whenever people are again, they're following through after the release. That's this isn't the end of your journey. Uh, the Shipeton, you know, itself. Uh, Shipan IRL still going strong. Lots of events happening. Uh you can see there's been events recently in Nigeria, Macedonia, the Philippines, and uh Southern California. And so, thank you everybody who's been running those. I hope all of you have been enjoying them that have gone. And especially thank you to everybody who sends me pictures because I like seeing that. Uh and there are more still coming. Uh a bunch still on the way. So definitely check out uh shipon.com/events to see if there's one happening near you. And you can see we've added a couple here at the end here because uh New York app week, which is our big revenue cat stream of lots of events happening, including our big conference. And then of course the shippies themselves, uh which is now its own separate award show. And then I also added in here uh our Times Square demo day, which I talked about in our last live stream, but we've added another uh award for winners. So they the ones that come to New York will be able to uh get a booth on Time Square and show off their app to random people uh as they're as they're coming through Time Square. So that will be very exciting as well. All right. And of course we have to thank our sponsors. Uh these are the people who make it possible for Shipon to be as big as it is this year. Many of these you've probably seen uh in live streams showing off you know their expertise throughout. So, big thank you to all of them. All right, let's get into it. AMA time. Uh, I have a bunch of preloaded questions from Discord, so we can just kind of go through these one by one, but uh, I'm looking at all three of you. As you see questions coming into all the different chats, um, or comments on what we're currently talking about, bring those in where they feel relevant. And once we run out of these, we'll obviously pick from the unrelated questions from the chat as well. So, let's start with a question from J Arc. Uh Jark asked question for Friday's AMA. Uh they're coming from Japan. The strongest evidence is a 2017 doctoral thesis on the method Kyoto Institute of Technology. Judges can verify it exists, but the full text is library only, so nobody can read it online. Should the entry lead with that or with last week's classroom notes from our students? This is very specific. Uh, anybody have thoughts on this one? [laughter] I I can weigh in on this uh because it touches it on the how judges will look at the material that you submit. So as mentioned before uh there's a video in your submission and judges are only required to watch two minutes of that video. It can be longer than but the but the core content should be in the first two minutes. Uh in addition to that you have fields for the app description and then the separate uh fields for different awards. Uh so I wouldn't throw I I would throw the link there but I would summarize uh whatever the scientific evidence that you're basing your app your product on in some way and saying that okay and here's if you want to look into it more here's where you can find that because well just showing the whole scientific article and asking judges to re read that uh is probably not going to lead to very good results. So summarized, think it also from the perspective of like if that's a big core thing about your app and your app was in the app store, you probably also would not start uh as soon as the user opens the app, you would not show them the article. You would probably somehow guide them to using the app first. So, so that's how I would look at it. Makes sense. All right, let's jump to the next one. And I see lots of questions coming in. So this is fantastic. Uh so question for the AMA want to ask what kind of video are judges looking for? Should it be more personal on the story of our app with us talking candidly, more marketing focused with visuals or animation or informational focused on just the UI design and features? Uh I'll give I'll give a quick answer and then I'll let one of you all if you have more thoughts on this jump in. Uh classic engineer answer, it depends. Uh so I think I think it does it depends on like what categories you're going for and what your kind of pitch is. So, if you're if you're going after the, you know, uh, Rebat Design Award, then I would really focus on the design itself, like the video probably, not that we're judging it based on the video quality, but that's going to help sell the quality of your app if the video itself is polished. Um, and of course, like honing in on little elements of the design of your app. So, zooming in on a nice animation or feature or something like that, like really hone in on that. If you're if the one that you've been focusing on is the build in public award, then that's probably going to be more of a you talking to the camera or you candidly explaining why building in public, uh, how that came into the story of building your app. Um, so not a great answer, but I'll say we see lots of different versions of these coming into the submission uh over the last couple years. And it's not like one of them is more successful for others, but it is that it definitely is true that uh it can help highlight different categories better depending on kind of the categories that you're aiming for. I don't know if that if that is very clear. I hate giving an it depends answer, but it kind of does. What do you what do you all think? Yeah, I mean I think what Oh, sorry, Ree. I'll say something quick. Um what Peri said earlier um is a good point where you know judges are really going to be glued in for those first couple minutes and then your goal should be to, you know, maintain their attention after that point. Um, and so yeah, like if it's the story of how the app came to be that that is like the interesting part of the app that'll like give the necessary context, then tell that for sure. Um, but then, you know, Charlie has a good point where like choose an award that you want to optimize for and then like arrange your video accordingly. Um, if the story is the least important part, you can still include it, but maybe, you know, put it down the line. Um, I'd also recommend like what I do personally is creating multiple versions of videos and then showing it to people and kind of seeing their reaction live. Um, and like getting their opinions on, you know, what [clears throat] caught their attention and what they were interested in. Um, so you might want to do something similar. You can even cut it up differently. Um, and just kind of see what works. What do you think, Ree? Yeah, I was going to say something similar. Um, but my point is like make your app the star. Um, the rule sort of I always follow is I try to explain my app in one sentence. So, I've got an app called Touch Grass and it's an app that blocks your apps until you touch grass and that's the bit that I would show on the video in the first 10 seconds and that way you've got the judges hooked in. Yeah. And actually there's a question that popped in that I think is related to this which is uh from Simbakoa uh which is you mentioned something that conflicts the rule. You said highly recommend creating a cinematic product video using Opus 5.5 but the rules say the demo video should show the app in use. So to both of their points it's like yes it should show the app in use. Uh Opus will do that. That's what I was actually saying is like Opus was opening my simulator and doing recordings of my app to integrate in. Um, so yeah, you need to make sure it's showing the app itself. That is one thing based on previous uh years, especially last year when uh AI video started getting popular. We saw some really cool ads for apps that never actually showed the app and maybe would work well as a Facebook ad or something like that and was really compelling, but it's not good for this. Um, and so you definitely do want to show the app. Um, and also with the 5.5 recommendation at the beginning, that doesn't necessarily mean for your submission. It just means I just recommend doing that. Uh, because it's nice to have a nice product video. But honestly, with a real product video and with our submission, I definitely think showing the app itself is a is a smart thing to do and it's required for for your death submission. Yeah. So don't do just like conceptual stuff that here's how this app solves the this this this and this abstract problem uh go into the details show it in action and that works and like the judges are humans there that's what I would also emphasize emphasis put emphasis on because you can take let's say that you have you're targeting two different categories let's say building public and uh the peace prize for example example or the design price. Those rules are in death post. Take them from there, put them on a paper, take a person you know, your partner, whoever, have them read the rules, have them watch your video, and then ask them that does my video address these two things? if you don't have like all the previous background information how my app works and if they say that no I don't actually understand how your app is well designed then then that means that go back and edit the video so that you actually emphasize those points like why your app is well designed or why it it's contributing or is a good example of the peace prize for example yeah I think that I think that makes sense uh let's jump to the next one here so which criteria do judges care about uh which sorry which criteria judges care about design because now AI can create pretty good designs. Many developers are going for designs but there's a limitation between Android and iOS developers. Android developers cannot push their design to top-notch. Don't necessarily agree with that. Uh like 3D rendering animation with which iOS developers can cover easily. How do judges see this gap? I mean, obviously there's a there's a like uh I don't tradition isn't the right word stereotype that iOS apps tend to be more polished. Um and I do think iOS frameworks in some ways make that a little bit easier, but that is definitely not just a hard and fast rule. You can make there's some incredibly well-designed Android apps. Um so yeah, I I don't think it's I don't think being on Android is holding you back from a design award. in any capacity. Um, and in fact, like one of the things, one of the ones that won uh it didn't win first place, but one of the places last year for the design award, it was less about the visual graphical look and it was more about the person gave a really strong pitch for how they designed their app for AI and chat workflows. And it was very much about the user experience. It wasn't just like this looks pretty. So design doesn't just mean it's prettyl looking and has 3D graphics either. Although again that can obviously help. Yeah, I just to add on to that and double down like that's exactly what I was going to say as well. Des you know a good portion of design is obviously how it looks in the UI and that does differ iOS to Android. Um like each has their own design language. Um not that either one is worse but they they are different. Um but then design is also the way that it actually works and the way that you know the the thinking that went into it. So the reason this button is here or that this you know statistic or piece of detail is in this location um or or what's a button feels like to press on um in terms of like haptics and sounds and animations. And so yeah, it's it's much less uh just like surface level how it looks. Um, and it does differ per platform, but like it's also you can tell when thought has been put into um the way that an app works. And so I I would make sure to emphasize that as you design uh your product, like think through how the user is going to use this and and how you can make it feel good for the end user. Yeah. Yep. Totally agree. Uh all right, next one here. This one's specifically directed at Ree. So, uh, you know, uh, we'll let you answer first here. Uh, I want to know behind the scenes of what Revenue will what will happening, what will be happening at RevenueCat on October 1st. There are tons of submissions. Judges are humans, too. If it's okay, can you share behind the scenes on how judges and Revenue staff work and the process behind these submissions? Okay, I said Reese, but actually this one's more for Peru. And in fact, you've written a whole blog post and kind of guide that explains exactly what we're what we're doing, but I'll let you talk through that. Yeah. So if you go to sheepaton.com and look at the blog section, you should find an article that is called something like how we judge sheepon. If I remember correctly, that should be it. I wrote it already when we before we even launched the hackathon. But what happens during so of course end of September submissions close October 1st I will pull out all the submissions that are in dev post uh validate them automatically that which of them are eligible so were released for example in the correct amount of time or if you're targeting the nextg category that you have attached to student email and a public repository I look at those like all kinds kind of automatic filtering happens on the first day. uh from which we usually get this list of apps that we actually go through uh and judge and once I have that list I distribute it to the we call them screeners but they are essentially the first wave of judges that are revenue gap people uh and everyone will go around uh around 20 apps uh and they will look at the stuff you've submitted they will look at the video the description the fields that you filled out and they will trying give a like a score how well your app fits the categories that you're submitting it for and then also notes on for example why this app specifically makes it really good and from those we make the top list uh to send out to the judges you see on defost who are the so-called winning uh winner choosing judges and they will also go through the top 20 apps choosing the best ones and then once that's done we get like a list of top five apps and we will do an extensive review on those apps and when I say be that means the developer advocates and we will for example check that everything is like uh we'll double check that the video matches how the app actually works so you can't just get awarded for making a great video and actually not having those features. We will test the app extensively and go through everything you wrote uh everything you referenced and make the final decision still based on that and then we'll contact you on if I don't remember incorrectly now it's October 9 if you won and then everyone else will know on October 20th who the winners were. So essentially that's what happens. So, multi-stage process with lots of human review uh with a little bit of automation in the beginning. Yeah. And not nearly enough sleep. Uh if if memory serves me. [laughter] Yeah. Cool. So, hopefully that answers it. Uh there has to be a real app to go with the video. [laughter] Yes. Uh Jason, [clears throat] uh this this may come as a shock, but uh this is actually an app building competition. Uh that is that is that is ultimately the point here. Um, yeah. Yeah. So, understandably, you know, this is the part of the ship it's on that I say this a lot uh internally, but you know, I'll say it externally, too. The ship, one of my favorite things about this, like we said at the opening of this, is that at the end of the day, you know, everybody's a winner because you end up with an app in the store, and it's it's such a like wholesome community. Everybody's always encouraging people throughout the competition, but there is this brief little window here, you know, once you've submitted and the judging starts where it kind of gets a little tense. It's a little uncomfortable. Uh, and you know, this is this is the hard part is like we do have to pick winners and it it's always well, I can already say it's going to be incredibly difficult based on the quality of apps I've already seen. Um, so you know, I I understand that that feeling of angst and uh and so that's why we tried to really make it clear how our judging process works as upfront as we can. Um, but just know that if you're starting to feel that anxiety or or upset feeling while you're waiting, uh, that is normal. Everybody definitely feels that. And, uh, yeah, that's okay. But remember, you can take all that uh anxiousness and pour it into your app that exists and making that better because again, that's what you now have and you can keep keep working on going forward. All right. Uh let's see. So, I think we already answered this one, I guess. Uh what's what is the behind the scenes of Ring Cat? Tons of submissions. How does your team judge handling them all? Or is that the exact same question? Do you read descriptions [snorts] first or results based [clears throat] on the demo? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so we already answered that one. Uh, all right. Is there any chance that we can submit the app which is closed testing if Google Play rejects or takes too long for approval? So sadly, no. Uh, the this is the shipon and the point is that it has to be shipped. The one kind of exception to that is the nextG award um which doesn't require it to be in the stores and so if you qualify for that, that would be one way that you can do this. Um but otherwise no that is kind of the big kind of hard rule of the shipon and so uh we get this question a lot and we'll get it even a lot more whenever the submission deadline ends and the answer is sadly no this is kind of the hard rule here. Yep. Um do we need to write anything for dev post asking for a friend? So I think we can take this in two ways. One is do you need to write anything in the submission which yes uh [laughter] answer [clears throat] all the questions for the categories you care about but I don't know if this is exactly what they're referring to here but I think it's worth talking about is devost has this automatic like description page and that's kind of open they have like a default template in there um but it's very open-ended and you can write whatever you want in there so peru you want to talk about how that kind of plays into the judging process itself yeah so that shows up in the judging process, but uh I've seen a lot of those are very long. Uh so judges might not necessarily look at that that intensively. So definitely if you if you want to make use of that, keep the text short and actually understandable. Don't just like have AI generate a bunch of text there explaining everything you did and whatnot. most likely no one will read that in full detail at least or their key takeaways from that won't be very very good. So judges will mostly look at the video submission and the specific uh fields that we have for the uh uh different different awards and of course like judges are not required to download the apps but a lot of people who are doing the judging are very interested in trying it out so they might go and try out your app as well. So I would say that it's video then the questions description is there somewhere the dev post description and then it's like downloading the app and that's how you should think of like where you should put your focus on on the submission uh like where you actually show your work. The other thing about that description is that it shows up on the the public uh shoot what is that called the gallery. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like other participants will be able to see that description. So like you could treat it a little bit as like this is like a public record of your of your submission, you know, kind of going forward. Um but it's not I wouldn't say yeah, it's super important in terms of the actual submission process itself, but if you want people to really read it and pay attention, keep it short, which is probably just good advice generally speaking. All right. Uh can you submit a video that's more than two minutes long? This is a very easy one. Yes. So, so the two-minute length limit isn't a limit on how long the video can be. It's a limit on how long we require the judges to watch. So, your submission can be as as long as you want. It could be super detailed and go into crazy details and everything like that, but make sure that the part that you want the judges to see is within those first two minutes. That is where that rule uh comes into play. Uh, and then I think this is the last pre-prepared one, but like the chat has been going, so we have plenty we can go through after this. But, uh, this one I believe you added in pair two. Do you want to you want to take it? Yeah. So, there was a question about if if like how you should, uh, mention the awards you're targeting in the video, in the submission. Uh, what I want to emphasize here is that don't try to target every category. that will most likely fail. So even if your app is technically uh could technically be allegible for design, for peace price, for the best ads implementation, you you could even say that maybe it's even a game on some way or it's gified. Don't put all of that there. Uh it's going to be humans reading it. There's going to be information overload. They're just going to be uh blanking out that what does this app actually do? What are the key parts of it? uh cran price in that case for example that's that's very easy to target we will look at your numbers but we will also look at that your app is great so show for example how you grew the app in the video that's a very easy dimension you say that okay we launched on this day and we've been growing steadily until this and we're making this much revenue now that's enough we will check the revenue from our systems uh but if you tell us that that that's how we've done it that takes you 5 10 seconds and you still have a lot to cover. So now you can actually focus on the design award parts for example though that why your app is really well designed. Uh then the help apps make more money award like how you made a very compelling or great use of of inapp monetization and then building public. You can even tie that to the grand prize in a way to show that okay these are the social media posts we used or this is how I documented the system. uh just briefly showing few of those posts or something in the video and then at least linking them in the description and explaining how they worked in your favor, brought you new customers or helped you to talk uh other developers. Mention those in the descriptions. Judges will read that. But four is already quite a lot. I wouldn't go beyond that. The more you add, the less likely you're going to be. Uh I would say that it's harder to write very good and memorable descriptions of all of these categories. If you target all of them have judges be like, "Okay, five in all of let's say that five is the top rated number uh or top grade that app can get in a category." They probably won't get go like, "Hey, five stars on everything." So focus on the categories that you think you actually are uh you might might have a chance winning and that's your best choice. Cool. Speaking of building Oh yeah. Yeah. Speaking of building public, we've had a bunch of questions about building public. Um Alex T is asking, "Will we look at threads?" Uh yes, we will. We will look across all social media, uh, Blue Sky, Twitter, YouTube, Tik Tok, everything. Um, he also asks, he's had a hundred people sign up for his weight list. Do I still have a chance of winning? Absolutely. Everyone has a chance of winning if you enter the shipon. Yeah. And I mean, 100 people on a wait list seems pretty good. I'm assuming that the app is getting in the store because Yeah, it does have to be in the store on time. Yeah. Well, technically, even if you're targeting nest category, you can use a weight list to show that there's a lot of interest for your app. So, that's always a thing that works for judges as like, hey, that's a good social I' say social proof of of people actually being very interested in in in using your app. Uh, I want to bring one in that's pretty specific and actually I don't remember the answer to. So, uh, this would be good to ask pair to here. Uh, if I have a hard payw wall with a trial, is that enough for you judges to test the app or do I need to add a special setup for you? Uh, fully enough. So, as long as we can for free try it out, it's it's enough. Don't have to have a promo code. Free trial is enough. Uh, yeah. As long as we have a way to get it to try it without paying for each one, right? So, as long as if there's a free trial and then we can, you know, cancel it right away, then that qualifies. Yeah. the judges should not be your monetization strategy. Uh [snorts] you shouldn't [laughter] try to make money money with that that approach. Uh and yeah and also I would highlight also that the app needs to be available in US app store and same thing goes for the inapp purchases. So that's a hard requirement. You like there was a question that do I need to offer the app in in France because they have special requirements. No, you can skip every other market, but it has to be available in the US app store so that someone from our team is able to test it. Um, I have another kind of specific one that's kind of interesting. Will the winners any category get any visa support or travel grants to attend to New York? Uh, so travel grants, there's two categories where we we we pay for uh flights and accommodations. So, that's the build-in public award and the grand prize award. Um, as far as visa support, this is not like a stated thing in our rules because I know all this stuff is is complicated, but I can say that in the past we have worked with people to help out there. Um, because yeah, it obviously it's helpful to have a company who's based in the US be part of that process, I guess. Um, so we have definitely worked through that, but it's not like a stated prize because all that stuff can be complicated, but it's definitely something uh we try to help people out with, you know, who want to because we want we want you all here. Uh, so we do we do our best to to help out with that. Um, let's see. So there there's been a couple questions and I think they were answered in the chat, but it's worth bringing up. Uh and this comes up a lot which is uh for NextG is it an issue if our school email is missing from the academic email checker pu uh you can you can answer that live the same way you've been we get a lot of emails about this and he's been very good about answering those. So I'll let you do this in this setting too. Yeah. So there's two cases. uh might be that our email checker doesn't recognize your student email or your educational institute does not give you a student email at all. In both of those cases, what you should do is go to the website, put it in the email validator and it will ask you to contact us. If you can't find that for any reason, uh my first name atrevenue do revenuecad.com emailing that with your student email and I will send you to a form that you need to fill and then I'll validate your email in day or two uh manually or even if you're just if you don't have an email then you submit your Gmail or whatever and you submit your other proof of uh being a student. I will go through those and validate your student status. So cool. Uh here's I got two here and then I'll pass it over to you all if you have ones that you want to make sure get answer here. But uh the first is do we have to personally show our face in the demo video? Definitely not. There's no requirement to show who you are. In fact, this also includes the Build-in Public Award. uh one of the Build-on Public Award winners last year, they did it through Twitter and it was all textbased. I don't think they ever recorded themselves in a video format or even pictures or anything like that. So, definitely not uh like a requirement at all. Obviously, faces sell, so like it can help, but I would definitely not say uh uh that's a requirement. Um, and then this other one is a really good question, uh, that I don't think we have the best answer for, but you know, it's worth calling out, which is, will people be notified if their app is out of the race on those first automated prerequisite checks compared to the answer is no. Correct. [laughter] Yeah, exactly. Yes. Uh, I know people would really like that. And I'll use this as a as a platform also to say I know people would really like a score. Um, and as of now, doing that is complicated for a bunch of well maybe interesting reasons, but reasons that we can't really talk about right now. Um, but we do hear that and if it's something that you really want, you know, definitely give us that feedback. Uh, at the end of this, we send out a form every year and so I know that that's a thing people would really like. Um, and unfortunately, at least this year, no, there's not there's not a mechanism where you're going to get notified ahead of time of where your app landed in all this unless you're in the unless you're in the top three. Yeah. And I would call out that I've been going through the dev post submissions uh and usually when I notice, for example, people not having student emails attached, uh, I have contacted some of those people. Not everyone. Uh same goes if you have like uh put a private YouTube video there instead of an unlisted one. I have usually tried to contact you at least and tell you that your submission is not eligible and I might still do one round of those kind of automated checkups before uh douche or something. I'm not making any promises there, but I'm trying to get everyone to submit uh eligible submissions. Uh but that's why I'm also writing the articles to tell you how to do your submissions. So you can in case I don't catch your submission not being allegible because of automated checks uh you two are capable of doing it as well by just going through the materials uh we've produced on how to submit your app for shipon and so on. They mention all of the things that I'm I check as well. So, perfect. Uh, any any other I mean, there's a bunch in here that I'll keep pulling from, but are there any from you three that you want to make sure we hit on? Yeah, I wanted to bring one up really quick. Dang, Ree, we just talked again at the same time. I'm so sorry. Something about our brains. Um, but this one uh just brought up uh can we target both uh the nextG award and another uh category that requires you to have an app listed? So, it's a little complicated. Um the nextG award is different because you don't actually have to have an app on the app store, right? You can just uh get us a link by which we can test your app and a demo video and your code. Um, so you are not if you do that method, you are not eligible for the other categories because they require you to have an app shipped on the app store. However, if you do have an app shipped on the app store, you and you are also a student, uh, you are eligible for all of the categories, including the NextG award as well. Um, so that's the only differentiator between all of the other categories besides NextG, is having an app actually on the store. Um, and if you have your app on the store, you are also eligible for NextGen if you are a student. So hopefully that makes sense. Uh, but that's kind of the differentiation there. And then Ree, you had uh you had one you want to bring up. I did. Um, there's a specific question about KMP. Um, if Apple blocks the iOS app, but have they've managed to release it on Android, um, is that still eligible for the KMP award? Um I think not but it would be eligible for every other category um that it is eligible for. Yeah. Yeah. And the the the reason for this is that uh we can't make exceptions on on on like why your app was rejected. If we started making that for one app, we would have to start doing that for other apps. And I know that KMP category because it requires two platforms from the start is already a very tough one to target. We unfortunately can't do it there either. So, uh that's why we have a hackathon that runs for two months that you have hopefully enough time to get at least the first version out uh for both platforms during that time. Um I'll bring one in here and I think we kind of answered this already, but I bet a lot of people picked up on this too. It's crazy that we find out who wins October 21st, but then we have to be in New York a day later. So, uh winners will be informed ahead of time. Um and again I know like during this in between period then you get all these you're trying to read between the leaves and understand but it's like yes the people who have won will be informed ahead of time so that we can at least try to get these travel plans uh worked out with them. Um so that's that's the answer to that but it won't be publicly announced until uh the shippies themselves. Got a question from the Discord. Um Josh asks, "Can we mention the influencers's name on the video?" Um yes, absolutely. Um you can't mention them in the app itself without their private permission though. Yeah. And same goes for like marketing material. Don't advertise it as made for this influencer, right? But in your submission video, Yeah. totally like that's that's the category kind of you're going for. So, uh, definitely mention it. I think I think it's smart to mention it in that case. Um, all right. Let's see. I see some love for Rico. Uh, for those of you who don't know, that is Revenue Cat's uh AI bot that lives in the dashboard. Um, definitely recommend using that. Let's see. a lot of comments, but this interface doesn't tell me questions versus non. And I should have been writing these down and they came in. Um, I independently developed my app, but my friend's company is publishing it through its app store or Apple developer account. Can I enter the Shipon as an individual using my personal devost account? Pat, I see you nodding. I know we've answered questions just like this before and I can't remember the specifics. Uh yeah, that was a bit confusing. But yes, you can use someone else's uh developer account to release your app as like you just have to have some kind of agreement with the person because if your app has revenue integrated uh they will get the money that people pay for the subscriptions in your app for example. So take care of that. And when it comes to dev post, have your personal account uh attach the app there in the submission or submit the app there. And if in case you're a minor also add your parent or guardian into the defost project uh and fill a form. Uh that form is also linked in the official rules section. Uh, and that's just so that in the case we in case you're a minor, we have to jump through some some some hoops to to uh pay you the prize money in case you win. So, we need some extra information for you from you. Hopefully, that covers like all of the cases when it comes to how you should think about the app release uh stuff and your post submission. Um, let's see, we have a question from Justin or just clarification. And you all haven't started judging yet, right? Uh so this is actually an important thing. So not only have we not started judging, but when we start judging, it'll be based on the version of the app that's released at that time. And that's important because oo I just sounded like a AI bot there. Uh that's important because uh you can submit updates to your app. Like if you submitted on, you know, August 1st, you could have been submitting updates throughout this whole process. Uh, and the version we're going to judge is the version that's there whenever we start the judging process uh, in October. So, if you have an app that's out there right now and you notice a bug, uh, you can get that fix out and that's the version that we're going to see is is the one that, you know, is available at that time. So, that's an important caveat um, or important thing to kind of think through as well. Um, let's see. Another question is, is total revenue a key factor in the judging process aside from the grand prize? pretty much no. Um I think the only one that that kind of comes up with a little bit is the the ham help apps make money award. And even then it's not necessarily about your total revenue, but if that's part of the story that you're telling, then maybe that kind of plays in. Um but no, the the grand prize is the one where we're actually like those metrics, you know, how did you build and grow over time come into play. the rest of them, unless it happens to come into your story and you bring it up, I don't I don't think we're even going to look at it. Uh, naturally, there's no reason to because it's not really relevant for those other categories. That's that's correct. Right, Peru? Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't. It could technically also contribute to the advertising award. So, if you show for example that you monetize with apps in such way that you generate a lot ad revenue, that's of course worth calling out. Uh but no one's going to get like you can still have a very good uh implementation of ads that judges think that is a great uh done very well. Uh even if it has made only a little bit of ad revenue because ad revenue is is very hard to do with like newly released app usually require quite a lot of users before you start to see massive amount of revenue. So it's not a requirement for for that or the hammer award uh directly but of course it's a it's a compelling story to say that we've already made this and this much money using whatever implemented. Uh let's see I have a question in here that says at the very least do submissions uh submission videos need to have a voice over? I just made a screen recording but I guess I need to redo that. So they don't need to um at all. I think, you know, uh it's it's going to be probably more compelling if it does. Uh it certainly helps if you're like explaining what it is that you're looking at if you're looking at screen recordings. So, I generally would recommend it. Um in the past, we've had a lot of a lot of people use like 11 Labs or any of these um voice generation apps to do voiceovers. And even when it sounds obviously robotic, I to me at least that doesn't really take away from the video, it it just it can add some clarity. So, I I wouldn't shy away from using those. Um, but I I do think it's probably a good idea to to have some kind of voiceover, but it's not a requirement. Uh, so I don't I think that's I think that answers that question. [laughter] Let's see. for the building public. Must there be like a good number of views? Uh, no. So, we're not looking at, you know, how big of a following did you create or how big of a following do you already have when it comes to building public. It's really more about uh, you know, the the work that you did and how that comes into the story of your app overall. Um, so we've definitely had winners of that that didn't have huge followings and didn't grow huge followings throughout, but they did like daily live streams and they told a compelling narrative about how that helped them build what they were building and how the feedback that they got from the people who were watching played into the app. So don't think that it's not like we're looking at who's the who became the biggest influencer out of this. Uh, that is not what the Build-on Public Award is all about. Um, any others jumping out at you all here? We still have like almost 10 minutes and just constant questions coming in. Thank you everybody for doing that. Yeah, there's one was like, "If my app is submitted to Google Play before the deadline, but Google's review isn't finished by September 30th, does it still qualify?" Uh, for other categories than NextG, no. So, answer is simple. App needs to be released during the time frame of the hackathon. Uh, no exceptions. Um, there was one um that was asking about targeting both NextG and one of the other categories. Um, that's absolutely fine to do, but you still have to open source your app and send us your code as well as having it on live on the app store. Um, let's see. There's a question. How many judges will see each project? Uh so like pair two described going through that big process. It depends on where in the process you got. So like if your app isn't eligible because it's submitted outside of the like the first version of the app was before the competition started or or didn't make it in or if uh if you don't have the Revenue Cat SDK integrated or something like that. Um no judges might see it, right? And then the farther along through the process you get, the more judges are going to be um going to be looking at your your submission. So I think that's not it's kind of a copout answer, but again, it depends um on where you're at kind of in that process. Yeah. Um can we submit on devost before the app is live and edit the submission afterwards? For example, adding the store link and promo codes once approved. Uh, I wouldn't recommend doing that because well, Peru, you can answer this better, but you have a bunch of automated systems that are checking all of these things. You're rerunning that check after the window closes. Technically, this would be okay, right? Yeah. So, I will like let's say that you submit your defo submission now. You have everything ready. The only problem is that your app link doesn't work yet, but you have it for some reason. I'm not sure if Apple can give you that before your app is actually released. But uh let's say that you have it for any case. Uh the automated system would at this point when I if I were to look at it would automatically flag it as not uh functional applink and then it gets released during uh before the hackathon itself ends, then it will turn green in in the tool that I've built and I'll know that okay, this app is elleible. So it is doable. Uh so I will catch that if you end up updating the link. But the submissions also close on the end of September. So if you leave a link that doesn't work there, uh I won't be contacting you and saying that, hey, this link doesn't work. I'm just going to be expecting that you [clears throat] didn't get your app released. So wait until the very last minute at least uh or check the links a second time uh before you sign off cuz those need to be there. Uh and same goes even if your apps gets released after the period ends and let's say that we start judging on October 1st but your app goes out then it is still outside the period and our system will catch it. So, you will be uh ineligible uh not ellegible for the judging. Um there's a follow-up question here to kind of what we talked about earlier. So, somebody said, "I have a paid trial 99 cents. Should I provide some kind of promotional code to make you get through the payw wall?" So, like we were saying earlier with the does a trial to a hard pay wall make you eligible? It's like judges need a way to see the pro version of the app without paying. Um, so if the if you have a free trial, then that works because we can just, you know, uh, uh, start the trial and then immediately cancel. If your, if your trial is paid, then yeah, we would need some sort of promo code or some way to unlock the pro version of the app so that we can actually test those features. Um, here's one that's it's you might be able to answer this paired through or anybody else if you've gone through the dev post submission process, but uh, Ben asks, "I'm kind of nervous. The dev post project isn't set up. Okay, it says submitted, so is that all good? And does the required video just go in the video URL field? Kind of feels a bit disjointed and easy to mess up." Yeah. So the dev post isn't the let's say user friendliest tool uh in this hackathon because it allows all kinds of stuff. Uh but yeah, if you're just make sure that your video is hosted on any of the platforms that they mentioned that and it's not private, it will show up even if it doesn't show up in dev post correctly. Uh I will be taking all of the data out from defost in order to do the judging. So as long as all the content is correctly in the submission itself, we will see it correctly. Even if it like because I've gotten some reports that defose was showing an old YouTube link, but if you looked at the project uh or what you had submitted, it was showing the correct link. Uh that's on defo side and we'll when we export the data out from there, we actually get the re most recent uh fields of those of that form. So, it should not be a problem. So, what you're talking about there is the um the project gallery. So, if what you see in the project gallery looks right, does that mean you're you're good? Because it doesn't show up in the project gallery until you're submitted, right? Yeah. It doesn't show up in project gallery before it's submitted, but there have also been reports that sometimes if you ended up changing, for example, the YouTube link, the project gallery was still showing the old video. And that can happen. I'm assuming that it happens because defost is caching the uh the stuff that you sent and in that case you should still like uh contact defost and tell them that hey this video is show or this submission is showing the old video but but I validated that when I export all the projects out of uh defost it will always get the most up-to-date data. So, even if something is broken in the project gallery just a little bit, it should be good to go. Okay, cool. Cool. Um, there's a question here, and this usually comes up during the judging process uh in in the Discord, but are you going to test all of the apps? And this this I assume refers to like literally downloading the apps themselves. So, there is a point during the judging process where that will happen, but it does not happen for every single app. the early stages are uh are looking at the video and the submission itself before we get to the actual downloading the app and validating that everything matches uh that. So if you're not seeing down because some people will sit there and look at their analytics to try and you know see where it's at in the judging process. If you're not seeing that it's not it's not necessarily part of the judging process that every single app is going to be downloaded. Um so keep that keep that in mind. Um, yep. Can I mention Peru in my app store submissions after the contest? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] We, if there's one thing we've established uh, as a as a dev advocate team here at Revikat is that we're all very vain. Uh, and we [laughter] definitely want as much attention as we can possibly as we can possibly get. Uh, yeah. So yeah, I I'll give my full approval for that 100% in negative context, in positive context. Everything's good to go. I'm clipping that and uh you [laughter] in future legal uh proceedings. Uh yeah. All right, let's see. We have four minutes left still. So yeah. Yeah, feel free to uh uh I've been people asking a lot about uh the amount of submissions so far. Uh and I can safely say that we have at least thousand eligible submissions at this point. Uh the full amount of submissions is still yet to be decided. And if you're wondering how many more submissions there's going to be, uh once again the how we judge Shipaton blog post and Chipaton's uh blog actually has a pretty interesting statistic about this. And last year for example 2025 we had 30% of the submissions actually like were created and arrived on the last week of the uh hackathon and the year before 2020 24 it was 20%. So if we now have thousand at around 20 to 30% and you're starting to see like what are the eligible submissions? Yeah. So this only takes uh it's a uh yeah there's a very clear final week uh lots and lots of submissions coming in. So um and I saw earlier in the comments somebody mentioned it's it's wild to see that the number is lower than last year. So, the registrations are different than last year. So, one of the things we did, those of you who've used the the ship kit have noticed uh last year the ship kit was something that as soon as you signed up, we like sent you all these coupon codes and it it started becoming like a big spam problem uh because people were trying to farm the ship kits and we were trying really hard to like make sure that actual participants were getting them and not running out of everything. So this year we have a little bit more complicated and some of you might think annoying process. The reason for that is to lower the amount of all this spam we got. So while you might see that the total registrations is lower this year, the amount of submissions we've had and the amount of like real people is significantly higher than last year. Uh and we can see that also in in on social the amount of people talking about it and all that. So, um, yeah, that number can be, well, it was a bit of a m misnomer last year. The amount of, you know, registrations that devpost shows that we have. Um, but yeah, I can assure you if you were here last year and you're here now, you probably can feel just it is actually bigger than it was uh than it was last year. Yeah. Um, will the transcription be available for this video when you're done and can it be re-watched? So it definitely can be rewatched uh because you know this is on YouTube and we we post those live ones. If you go to actually look at that I'm sharing. If you go to the live streams page on our website uh you know you see the upcoming live sessions of which this is the very last one but then you can scroll through all of our past ones and watch the recordings. So they'll all be there. Uh transcription I think the transcript YouTube just has native transcriptions now right? So I think that one will be available. I don't think we have like a separate transcriptions page though necessarily. No. Okay. Um, let's see. All right. Let's do one more question from each of you. You can each pick one. How about that? So, Austin, uh, I'm just going to throw you on the spot here. Is there a question that we still haven't answered yet that, uh, that you want to bring in? Um, I just shot a bunch of stuff in the Discord. Um, I guess we can clarify this one. Somebody asked if there's a necessary trial length, um, free trial length that you need. Um, so yeah, just to double down on that, there's not. It It's just I think the minimum is probably a day anyways. And so we just need enough time to be able to get into the app and test it out. And so you don't need to do seven days or three days or whatever. Just have a free trial or a way for us to access it. Perfect. And then Ree, uh, yeah, Kenny asked a really good question. Uh, where should promo codes go? Um, is there a private field for judges or do they go in the public description of the dev post? Uh, don't put it in the public description. There is a field for it and there's a at the end of the if you can't find any if you have any other comments that you need to make, this is also goes for those. at the end of the project submission there's like any other notes for the judges if I remember correctly uh added there at least and also other stuff if if you have anything that you want to mention and then Pu any other questions that jump out at you that you want to get on on record let's see there was one if I can still find it uh well there was a bunch of questions about like what is looked in different categy is I would refer to the rules uh in those cases. So I won't be going through all of those. So just look at the official rules. It lists out what you should be targeting in in those cases. Uh what else is there? I don't know. I can't find the good one that I was thinking of now. Uh oh, I started my death post submission with an other idea and name. Now the URL of my submission is with the old name. Is it possible to change it somewhere? Uh, most likely only by contacting death post, but it also doesn't really matter. We're not going to be looking at the URL uh as much. If it bothers you, contact death post or create a new submission. I was about to say you can just create a new submission, too. It's not like you're ineligible because you have an old one. So, I think that would probably be the easiest thing. Um, cool. All right. Well, uh I think that concludes our our final live stream uh before the the end of the road, which uh is 5 days, 13 hours, 42 minutes, and 53 seconds away from now. Uh which is crazy. So, good luck everybody, uh in this final sprint. And uh for everybody that didn't get their questions answered live, Ree, where is the best place for people to go to ask more questions? Um if you peru in the discord [laughter] he will answer just ask any of us in the discord. We'll do our best to um to answer any of them. Yep. This is the final push for you all but this is the final push for us as well. So we are definitely trying to prioritize making sure we're we're answering your questions uh as as they come in. So thank you uh again to everybody who's here and everybody who's participated so far. if you don't make it on the deadline. I know that sucks, but you can still submit it to the store. You still can have an app. I highly encourage you uh to get one out. I've talked to people who have had very good experiences with new apps in the store, even though they didn't make it for the dead deadline in the past. So, it's not the end. Uh all this work was not in vain. So, good luck everybody. Uh and thank you thank you all for joining and thank you three for joining me uh here in the the final stream. and I'll see I'll see you all in uh a few weeks in New York. See you then. Bye everybody. Thank you.