live here. I am Austin. I'm here with Julie and we have a really fun one for you today and that is roasting payw walls. Wow, we've already got people coming in the chat actually. Okay, this is some good good energy and good vibes I'm getting here. Um that that might have been a record for like the the quickest comment in the chat. Um I am going to share my screen here and we can kick this off. Okay, cool. Okay, so yeah, we are going to be going over your payw wall design and talking about some tips and tricks to implementing the best possible payw wall and therefore making as much money as possible using your payw wall. So, we've got Julie here. Uh Julie is a payw wall expert. She is my co-orker at RevenueCat. And if you want to ask questions during this stream, you can do so in multiple ways. One way to do so is by joining our Discord ship live streams channel and you can throw stuff in there. We've got Pu in the chat today. Um so he will be on YouTube, Twitter, Discord. I think we're streaming this on LinkedIn as well. So over there, uh throw questions any on [clears throat] any of those channels or here in Discord. Discord is also the place where we'll be asking you to drop your payw wall designs either now or later in the chat or later in the live stream and we will address all of those here or as many as we can I should say. Um Shipeton quick intro for those that are unfamiliar. Shippeton is the world's largest hackathon. This is year three. Runs August 1st to September 30th. And the key is to ship your app with RevenueCat before August 30th. That is the whole point of ship a ton. Um, so that means that it has to be live on the store, which means we're currently September 8th. I would highly recommend uh submitting that very soon if you have not yet already. Uh, just to give enough time to get the review and everything like that. Did want to call out some cool highlights here. Yesterday, um Julie, maybe I should have you on for one of these, but yesterday I did a little roundup of some of our uh apps that have been submitted through Shipeton and kind of gave them some grades. And so, I wanted to call out some of those here because there are some really cool things being made. Uh on the far left, we've got Victoria. She's making an app where you can keep 3D versions of your keepsakes uh within the app. And then uh it doesn't show it here, but you can kind of see all of those on a shelf. And so you can see all these objects that are important to you but like scanned into the app. Super cool and I love the way that it looks, the design of it. Um on the bottom here, the second one, we've got this really cool Mac app that I have not yet tried out, but I'm really looking forward to it. And it is live on the Mac App Store. Um it is this cool radial picker. And I think that you can customize these actions and then you just mouse over to them and you can do different things. So like in this example, he's got searching YouTube, he's got switching to dark mode, he's got opening up Claude. And so there's it's just this cool radial menu that it seems like you can summon anywhere. And uh yeah, should be pretty sweet. Julie, that sounds like something that you might want. >> Uh to be honest, no. I have a lot on my [laughter] plate and usually every day I analyze a lot of pay walls. So probably not right now. >> No, that's the thing. You've got to set up, you know, like one of these actions could be opening up a payw wall design that you can review. Um, very I will personally be checking this out. >> Um, the third one, this one I'm particularly excited about. I actually downloaded this one yesterday and I really like the payment model because it's like onetime purchases that you can unlock different maps, but it's a murder mystery Sudoku game. >> Um, which [clears throat] is really fun. And so, um, you're playing Sudoku, but you're solving this murder mystery as you go. >> And the design in the app is really awesome. Um, this is being made by Aleandro. Definitely one that I would recommend checking out. And then I was kind of embarrassed in our live stream yesterday uh when I went through the onboarding for this app. It's called through I believe t h ru. This is being made by Nathan. And I found out that I spend almost $4,500 a year [laughter] on fast food. And so yeah, I am I am publicly shaming myself here calling that out. Um but definitely check this out. The onboarding was awesome and then it hit us with a payw wall at the very end of it. Um, so Nathan, if you haven't thrown your payw wall in Discord yet, uh, do that so that we can check it out in this channel. >> Yeah. >> On this stream. >> Okay. Awesome. So that's our building public. Um, yeah. So overall review of Ship a Ton. Um, the idea is to ship a brand new app by the end of September and then you use Revenue Cat, ship it on any of the stores, App Store, Google Play Store, or Samsung Galaxy Store. Tons of prizes included here, over $700,000 in cash prizes, including $100,000 for the grand prize winner. We will put your apps up on billboards in Times Square and all kinds of stuff. press coverage and some of the biggest uh newsletters, uh trophies, a big red carpet event. There is a ton. There's a lot of different prizes, too, and you can be eligible for multiple prizes. Some of my favorites here include the NextGen Award, which is an award specifically for students. So, definitely something to check out there. And Revenue Cat employees can be a part of the Conflict of Interest Award, which does not include cash prizes for obvious reasons, but the pride of winning the conflict of interest award should be enough. uh lots of sponsor categories as well. You can check out all of these on ship.com. And kind of the final component of ship here is that we do these IRL events. So no matter where you're located in the world, there is probably an event happening near you. So you can go to these events and you can demo what you're working on. You can get ideas from other people. You can have a little hackathon day. There's events set up in a lot of different formats. And if there's not an event near near you, you can also apply to host an event. We are getting a little late into the competition, but definitely not too late. Um, you can do all of that on shipper.com if you would like to. The events are super fun, really successful. Uh, a couple of weeks ago, we just had one near me about 30 minutes away. These are some of our upcoming events. We've got one in Spain today. So, if you're in Spain and you're listening to this and you're near Zeruggoza, definitely something to check out. In the next couple days, we've got events in London, uh, the US, and again a couple more in Spain. And we've got other events in the few days after that in India, Germany, uh, Texas, Nigeria, kind of everywhere. So, yeah, go to shipathon.com/events, check out what is near you or apply to host one. Okay, Julie, I am going to turn it over to you and um let's talk payw walls. >> Yeah. Yeah, let's start. Thank you so much for the quick presentation now about our shipon stuff. That's really interesting. So, uh let's start. I will share my screen. Yeah. Yeah. So let's speak quickly uh a bit about pay wall design tips and tricks. How to design pay wall. I will speak more about liars or the conversion rates and about placements of course and a bit about the experiment. Uh let's do it quickly and then we will go to the discord pay walls and we'll roast it. So let's start. As you know your speakers right now me Julie Bjinska senior ser designer terat Austin Blake and uh a bit information about me uh I'm s designer and uh I have more than eight years of experience with zero and growth uh my background from the mobile publishers like Mazai group company aka appalon pala andala studios I'm working with mobile applications probably close to 10 years or 11 ers seems to me. Yeah. So, and uh usually I have help developers making more money creating test strategies and launching experiments, analyze the results and helped uh help decide what to do next. So, let's start uh uh yeah, let's start. So before we will speak more about the pay walls, I want to speak a bit about the placement because to be honest, I see the most common mistake through different apps and different developers huge and uh really small that they don't use the most like say money machine in their app like placements. Uh the first one that's after boarding flow. If you have on boarding flow in your application if you don't have if you still don't have it absolutely recommend to add it. Uh and after on boarding flow you can add your payw wall. Why that can be a money machine for you uh for your pay wall especially if you have a cool story on the onboarding flow and you will finish your cool story with a pay wall because imagine uh 100% of people uh click to get uh button on the Apple store uh got your splash screen the first and boring screen and let's say generally probably average um yeah average sum will be like around 80% of uh people from boarding flow will see your payw wall and all of these people will pay your uh on your pay wall. More people will see your payw wall more people will pay. Of course, if you have really good payroll and usually if you don't have your pay wall on your onboarding flow, you just leave a lot of money from the table. Believe me. And also I know that some uh people can say that but no I want to stay uh like a premium model. You can still be a premium application if you have your pay wall and on boarding flow if you have a close button on your pay wall. So uh I absolutely recommend to do it uh because that's really this really big opportunity to making more money on your uh app. And also the second place like the most sweet spot let's say after the boring flow will be contextual triggers. Imagine you have uh for example I don't know weather app or hurricane tracker and you have some uh premium features uh in your app uh and you have some people who just didn't convert on boarding flow but use your application like a free uh user. No worries. You can add contextual pay walls under the premium features. For example, you have a hurricane tracker wind map, 3D maps, whatever. Uh user click on it and need it and you will show the contextual pay wall. That's not a general pay wall. That's a pay wall where you will um show value uh about this specific feature because if user click on this specific CTA or icon button whatever they really want to get this feature and they will pay from this um uh from this bot. So absolutely recommend to use this also. So and right now let's speak more deeply about the pay wall conversion how you can making more money how you improve your LTV trial starts uh trial to paid whatever uh usually generally let's say I can say that pay wall conversion has a three layers the first one this offer architecture trial pricings uh when you skip or add trials on some products uh what users can buy and under which condition. Uh the second layer will be a value proposition. How you communicate your value, how clearly you do it. That's featureled communication or problem communication based on jobs to be done or you use just general upgrade to pro. Um I don't recommend to use upgrade to pro [laughter] small spoiler uh and uh yeah generally why the product is worth paying for now. And the third layer um also really important design and attention. Uh that's your composition that's your dominator on your pay wall. How you follow your user users attention through your pay wall. And uh yeah that's really important how you will show your value. Um you have for example you have a big title, smaller subtitle, smaller feature uh feature list product how you show it. uh for example, you have audience 50 plus and they can't read uh the information on your pay. Well, that's really bad and they won't convert. Um all stuff like that. So, let's go more deeply uh through the first layer. Structure the offer in Julie. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Sorry, can I interrupt really quick? Um we had a good question um from Andy in the chat. >> Um could you clarify like what you mean about about highlighting specific features on the payw wall? So Andy's question said, uh, if you have multiple pro features, are you saying there should be a different payw wall triggered for each um or are you just saying like use the same payw wall and highlight um a different premium feature depending on how they got there? >> Yeah, that's a good question. Uh, so usually from my experience that the best approach for that I I understand that about the contextual trigger, right? uh and uh the best approach for that to find firstly the best composition of the pay wall uh for your app and for your audience. For example, you know that on your in your app uh on your pay wall work really well like let's say monthly withdrawal, yearly withdrawal and continuous CTA button and some uh like information about uh your product your value proposition and I recommend for the contextual trigger use the same pay wall but with different um value proposition. For example, you have your general pay wall on the onboarding flow like uh we will solve your problem this that we have on your on our uh app please pay uh and other stuff and for contextual triggers you will use the same approach but you will say on the title hey 3D maps here for you because of z we have we have z for 3D maps for example and your uh current structure from your the best payroll Well, >> cool. Cool. >> Great. Yeah. I hope this this this clear. Sorry. [laughter] If not, please uh drop a message to the chat. So, let's continue. Uh yeah, layer one structure the offer and trial. That's uh my really favorite part of the experiments to be honest because from my experience they think will increase or decrease uh your LTV significantly because when you try to test product uh product mix different plans different default selection for example you want to try to test instead of monthly default uh and versus yearly default trial availability and duration for different uh for different products. It will this simple thing will improve your um your activity significantly and what I mean exactly and also your product structure have to be really simple to understand because for example that's really important to mention about that as you can see on my uh example here from the meetup app. Thank you mobin. Uh we have a three products weekly, monthly, yearly. We have a weekly by default. We have weekly free trial enabled. We have a communication about free trial. Uh we have a small uh value proposition and price communication CTA button. And in this case, of course, I don't know their analytics. I never check their LTV of different products. But let's imagine they know that the weekly offer with 7day free trial they know have higher LTV from the analytics and it makes sense to use this like a default one. uh when I speak uh about different uh plans when you try to test like weekly versus yearly, yearly versus monthly, monthly without trial and you just want to skip trial uh from monthly and use it only for yearly because it will be like we'll you will have more uh benefits economically from this uh case for example. But before that, please check your analytic data and try to figure out what the best LTV will be for each product. That's u find really you can find it really quickly. That's not a rocking science usually. If you don't know how to do that, you can just ask chat GPT clot I don't know Google and uh um about your specific analytic tool. what you use amplitude uh revenue cats um whatever and uh you can just uh understand better and if you will see that right now for example you have a monthly by default and yearly product or also close to this monthly product but after the checking your analytic you understand that your LT uh you your yearly product has uh better LTV and better retention you have to try to change default plan from monthly to yearly. Absolutely absolutely recommend to do that and also you will significantly increase your LTV but check the guard rails like cancellation renews etc. But we will speak about it a bit a bit later. Uh so and when you change the stuff like that you will directly influence on your LTV. Your LTV usually will be your the most your your primary metric let's say. So the second liar uh make the value obvious also the most important one. I don't know why but I also see this mistake everywhere in every app in for the huge apps and small apps small developers indie developers huge companies. Uh I don't know why but uh usually uh pay walls um let's speak about the pay walls like you people pay walls don't want to communicate with us through the value I don't know why on my uh example for example from the yoga app you can see that they say see who added you now of course if I use yoga I want to understand uh who added me now because it will be important for me I I don't want to upgrade to pro. I don't want to subscribe for $9. I don't want to um I don't know um I don't want to read small texts. I just want to scan the the full value from the pay for the f first five seconds and convert and pay and use your app. That's it like a user. So it's really important to communicate. So jobs to be done uh of your application uh problem versus feature messaging. You can also test before that you have to understand the main problem pain or jobs to be done of your audience. who will pay, who which audience for example you can have some couple of parts of your audience, right? with different approaches just uh you have to understand what they need usually and based on that you will show this value and it will works better because instead of general upgrade to pro subscribe for I don't know $9 uh as a user psychologically I will scan your pay wall see the value yes you will solve my problem I want to convert I want to pay so um Yeah, really important one. uh also social proofs uh the same thing to that uh yeah and the short liar design the attention pass absolutely understand that a lot of developers can't have uh designers for example and they don't understand absolutely how follow the attention of the user which uh colors I have to use or uh what uh the composition have to be on the pay wall uh That's absolutely understandable. Uh pain. I absolutely understand your pain. Uh I'm a designer. Yes. But [clears throat] but I understand your pain. Uh but uh yeah, look at my example. Uh you can see that we have a huge title, then like a second layer, we have a uh feature list, then communication about the pricing and products and CTA button. That's the really simple and understandable and scannable without any additional cognitive loading for the user like composition. Of course, if you don't understand how to do that, you see your pay wall you created through the builder and you absolutely don't know what to do. Please speak with your uh friends from the design. Just speak with some people, find some people uh who which visual you respect um and uh ask them about some short consultation regarding the design composition and dominate on the pay wall. Uh that's more simple than you think. uh like you the most common in usual formula will be like um huge title with value proposition uh list or comparison table let's say with the features then your pricing communication uh one two products or view plans and 15 products under the view plans please don't do 15 products or 40 four products on the one like uh on the one uh spot on the one block um whatever CTA button and and CTA button that's it you are perfect that will be really understandable about the colors you can also ask or ask your design friends and uh like a bit understand what to do so that's not uh a huge thing a huge thing sorry I'm not native speaker [laughter] a huge thing uh for this not a huge thing for the pay walls for the competition. That's absolutely clear. >> Yeah, Julie, if I could add one thing onto that, um our on revenue, like if you go to your payw walls uh dashboard, there are a lot of templates that you can start with to build a really nice clean looking paywall. >> Um so I would definitely recommend throwing some of those in. obviously, you know, change it for your app, but like start with a template and then and then add in your branding details. Um, and then even just throw those into your, you know, testing uh flow or like your experiments and just see if that like works better for your specific use case. Um, in addition, you can also use our AI payw wall editor, which has seen some big updates even like in the last week. Um, so it's it's a lot better now even than it was a month ago. Um, and so if you haven't used it recently, use it now and um, just hop into the AI paywall editor and just ask it to build you a new payw wall. um and just start from that and then use some of the tips that Julia has talked about here such as you know keeping the attention of the user on um the value proposition uh keeping it nice and simple and then adding in you know maybe two or three different options like monthly annual lifetime um and use our AI payable editor to do that and just like see what it comes out with and then you can edit it from there um but yeah like you don't have to necessarily start from a blank page to create something that looks looks awesome and is simple like this. >> So, just some starting points there. >> Yeah, absolutely good point. Thank you, Austin. Thank you so much. Yeah, I absolutely agree with you. And you have to know that our template was created by designers in Revenue Cat. Uh, and all of them can uh help you improve the conversion rate because of really clear design uh really clear design and composition. And you shouldn't think how to do that by yourself. So use it or use our AI editor also if you find some interesting pay wall design and you want to start with it and change it um uh based on your product uh based on your thoughts based on your idea just give it to our AI editor uh and AI editor will create it uh instead of you. So cool. Yeah. And uh another uh another slide, choose a test from the bottleneck. Yeah. Usually also um I um spo I speak with a lot of developers who absolutely don't know uh from what I have to start. Uh and answer to this will be really simple. If you have a low trial start, inspect value plus trial clarity. But trial clarity first because uh again the most common mistake we have a product with free trial. I don't know why we communicate about the free trial like with really teeny tiny really gray gray gray text inside the product. Uh and uh we communicate on the CTA button. I don't know why subscribe for uh $9, but that's not a trial communication and that's okay. Uh you uh the first recommendation I tested it a lot of times and it was working really well. Please do the big really visible uh 7 days free uh pages like free trial communication pages on the products. Believe me, it works so well. Okay, if you don't have like a blog with product and you don't know, okay, where I have to do the page, uh, no worries. You can add it to the title. For example, you have a first short value proposition on the title and then the next sentence like try seven days for free, for example. It will work so well. And also the same on the CTA button. uh don't use subscribe for some uh price uh because users usually don't want to subscribe. They don't want to unlock pro. They don't want to upgrade to premium. They want to solve their problem. And if you can uh suggest them solve their problem with 7 days free trial, please communicate about it really clear, transparent and better. Yes, be honest. of course say like seven days for free then $49 build yearly. Uh but uh but on the you on your CTA button you have to use like you have a free trial. Okay, start my 7 days free trial or try 7 days for free. Be clear or try 7 days for 00 also can be a good one. So uh that's really important. uh and uh low trial to paid. Uh also sometimes I have some developers who ask me, hey Julie, [snorts] how how I can improve trial to paid? Because when I try to compare my trial to paid uh through the benchmarks on the market, I absolutely see that um I don't understand how to do that because I have a low trial to paid. Of course, my law uh my uh first uh let's say thoughts here will be probably you have to improve your your acts on your product or improve your product. Uh probably or probably you communicate about your value on your pay wall but it's really hard to find these features in your product. Please change it. Or if for example you uh have a pay wall and your pay wall may sell well uh and create a lot of expectation but then people go to your product and see that uh okay my AI um text or AI images not really well like it was on the pay wall I want to skip something like that. Uh and uh yeah, I absolutely recommend to um fix some stuff on your product. Of course, you can use um cancellations flows, win back campaigns, uh win back notifications uh for your for your users like, "Hey, you still with us, but you didn't uh convert to trial? No worries. I will suggest you zzz for example. Let's go together with 50% uh sale something like that or like longer trial. Um yeah. So and uh the third one uh need higher LTV. Uh as I said if you need higher TV I absolutely recommend not to start to change colors of your pay wall or colors of your button based on psychology that green button will feels like a gross and because of that it will works really well something like that yes it works it works it works but uh not uh usually uh what will significantly increase your LTV of course product mix pricing retention and also uh really interesting insight about the pricing. Um some developers ask me hey seems to me I have I don't know why because I don't see the benchmarks but seems to me I have really high prices and because of that I have a real really low uh trial to paid or um pay uh paid conversion if you have direct payment instead of trial. Uh but that's not usually like that. uh because yeah it can be um of course it can be a thing, it can be a hypothesis and you can test it but before that please check the benchmarks, check your competitors. Uh and after that um you will listen the Julie and Julie say uh usually users who see higher pricings on the pay walls for the product they started psychologically think that it will be better service and better app if they will pay more. uh and I saw uh experiments like that when we didn't change uh anything in the app or payroll we just increase pricing by uh 20%. And uh not only our LTV but also conversion rate was increased. And I absolutely recommend just [sighs and gasps] Helix scale and uh start from the benchmarks competitors. uh then also uh and after that listen to Julie and try to understand uh you really have to decrease your prices or not. Uh also uh the same thing about the trials trial lens for example if you have also interesting uh idea for you also can work and uh increase your TV significantly you have a monthly with free trial or weekly with free trial and also you have a yearly with free trial why you have to have uh two free trials we don't know who know we don't know but probably you have to we don't know because you have to uh you have to test it but You try you can try decrease free trial from the less expensive product and stay with free trial only on yearly product and in this case you you will follow more users to the yearly product because you have yearly for free. [snorts] >> Yeah. Um I really like what you're saying here about benchmarks. Um and we had a question in the chat. What's the best ratio for trial to paid? Um, and then and then Julie's been talking a lot about benchmarks. So, uh, the answer to the question is it depends on what industry you're making your app in. So, different categories are going to have different, uh, you know, percentages that you should shoot for. Um, if you go into RevenueCat and you go to your app, you go to the analytics tab on the lefth hand side and then click benchmarks, it's a really cool page where it shows how your app is performing against other apps in your category. So, it goes through everything from uh initial trial conversion uh to your refund rate to your realized lifetime value per customer. it it goes through everything and it gives you a whole scorecard in where you rank it uh compared to your competitors. So definitely something I would recommend checking out. Um and then like Julie said then listen to Julie after that. So you know adjust to match in your industry and then apply some of these tips on top of that so that you know you can kind of get to the top of your scorecard in each of those individual sections. >> Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You're absolutely right. Yeah. Thank you. Uh yeah, regarding the benchmarks, please check the revenue cards. That's really good one. And before revenue cat or in um in the mobile publishers publishers sorry uh we checked revenue can benchmarks every year and that's really useful thing. Um yeah so and uh small comment for indie developers and small develop developers who don't have a lot of traffic uh for the experiments to test step by step button by button uh and some stuff like that. If you have a low traffic uh in your app like let's say 10 people uh per day uh that's absolutely don't that doesn't mean that you have to you you shouldn't test everything. No, you can go like uh with the with more bold ideas and with blocks. what I mean uh about the blocks for example you have a free trial communication and you start to think that probably I have to change it so didn't change only the page try to change page CTA button and communicate trial on the CTA button clearly uh and uh on the pricing communication also for example uh and in the title add the trial communication to the title for example and try to and roll out it for all users and see how things going because if you will try to do the experiment you will test it oh my god uh really long time probably six months [laughter] uh go with more bold ideas no worries about that change your product mix do it more simpler for example you have a three uh products uh if you have a small app you shouldn't have a three products try to go with only one with yearly with free trial or with monthly with free trial and see how things going because for example also from the indie developers I see a lot of pay walls and uh subscription models when they use just only lifetime value of course lifetime value really great the subscription but if you want to have a higher LTV you have to have like um some renewable subscription that will be better probably for you. Just try it. Just try and check how things how things going. That's it will be renewable. Your users really love your products. Cool. Uh yeah, let's grow together. And uh yeah, a bit um a bit really small information about the experiment but really important uh seems for me a winner improves a target without damaging economics. Probably you all uh know about it. Uh but just a friendly remind uh reminder for from Julie if you increase your trial starts your primary metric for example but you decrease trial to paid or decrease your LTV and increase your cancellations that's not a winner please that's not a winner you have to remember about that uh you uh you have a winner when you increase your LTV uh stay flat or decrease with cancellation refunds insurance like our guard rails let's say you increase your secondary metric and primary metric and sometimes it can be a situation when you increase your LTV significantly your cancellation stay flat but you decreased your primary metric like trial starts you have you can have less tri uh less trial starts yes but you improve your trial to pay and because of that you improve your LTV and your renews and your cancellation stay flat or decrease and because of that probably it can be a winner or uh you can roll out it only for 80% of users and see how things going or probably if you understand that hm okay I improved my LTV but I decreased my trial conversion rate what I have to do probably uh iterations yeah iterations you have a really good variant who bring you a lot of revenue but probably you have to recommunicate your trial and iterate again with the same approach but a bit different communication about trial probably you will increase your trial also. So iterate and yeah uh really important reminder if trial starts right but projected LTV falls the w is not a winner also uh try to calculate your projected LTV that's also really important because you can have all green lines but you projected LTV because you decreased your travel to paid for example can be lower and uh that's not a winner that's just a short-term lift um yeah so Uh I'm finished my presentation. Just a reminder three liars offer and trial. Decide what you asking users to buy. Value make the reason to choose it unmistakable. And please if you have audience 50 plus and use really small and gray um text and fonts that's not realable, readable and uh scannable for this specific audience and they won't convert. Uh design guide attention through the decision. That's it. Thank you. So >> awesome. >> Yeah. Uh >> now's the fun part, right? >> Yeah. [laughter] [gasps] Uh so and uh probably uh right now um I don't know how many time we have. >> We've got about uh 20 minutes. We might be able to go a little bit over, but we got about 20 minutes to kind of uh check out as many real payw walls as we can. >> Cool. Yeah, let's go to the Discord. But I uh I have uh I have I have uh the document in Figma jam and probably I will share it because I just copy paste uh all of your pre walls here. I hope I copy paste all of them. I checked my last time I checked it was like before 20 20 minutes before the live stream. So let's go. just uh I don't have uh like a flow for that but let's go randomly uh the first one uh support. Oh yeah, I remember about this one and I just added the context uh for that because it was really really long context for that. So this uh this pay wall first and foremost I want to say that a really good design and good composition. You have a huge title. You have a small like value support information in your case. Uh three simple products, let's say in CTA button. Cool um cool composition, cool uh text, cool design, cool CTA. I love it. And cool colors. What I can suggest here? Uh you asked about the uh support communication. Usually if users see your support pay wall, they won't probably um read all of that because usually users scan the pay wall like that. For example, uh with symbol F. You understand me? F. Yeah. More little moments with omoi. Cool. Then I start scan this z this I don't read. Then I see this information. That's it. Uh, so I recommend to do it like a list uh with short scannable moments or just do it um two times uh less with the size and also add more cute maybe supportive uh value proposition here. Just not more little moments with emoia something like that. Let's support uh young doctor who did the Z that that will uh do more value and more feeling good feelings for users who see that because to be honest I I read all of these context and firstly I think you do something amazing amazing amazing sorry something amazing I absolutely love it and uh also I recommend to change um uh the default one from smallest one to the average. It also will bring you more money and uh people will bring more money to you. Uh because usually uh people just uh click to the CTA button. This most common uh use case when they just click to continue or send uh you some money and that's it. Uh let's go to another one. Oh yeah, this interesting one. seems to me that um a travel niche and um yeah really cool and I remember that um this person said that it's like a part of the onboarding that's that's an on boarding flow. Yeah. Uh something like that and this is a pay wall. So I will uh I will speak about it like about the multi-page payable. Let's say uh what I can um say firstly if you want to bring more money to the table and boy TV please change uh this continue with the free version um um continue with the free version button. Uh do it like continue with limited version, continue with ads if you have ads. uh because of course like a user if I have if I see a free version of course I will go with free version and uh this second button really visible uh and comparable to the to your u to to your main CTA and it's really important to uh probably change it or just delete it from that do it like a continue button not planer premium and add the close button here on the uh white background uh really interesting uh also communication about the value probably I recommend to skip uh these subtitles because it's not uh readable right now that's really small you know that's really small and gray fonts and because of that I will read these this this and a bit of this and that's it uh and do your well your more visible spend less time searching good one But like do it more, do it bigger. Uh and uh yeah, skip this race um grace text probably will be better. And uh also about the pay wall, I really like comparison table and also from the my experience I know that a really good one you can just try to test compar compar comparison table versus feature list uh side by side and see how things going. That will be really interesting hypothesises for me. But that's a good one. I love uh the V visual visualiz sorry one two one two three I love your visual [laughter] I love your visual uh and uh but I don't like uc button as I said unlock for $8 um that's not what will work really well uh just try to communicate through the value like unlock tree plane I don't know some general value here uh and why you have to duplicate uh your price why you why you have to double it you haven't double it if you want to be transparent just do this price communication a bit bigger uh as I know from for IOC and also for Google store uh the smallest size for price communication usually start from 14 font uh 14 uh font size. So you can use this one just communicate through the value of the CTA button and you are perfect. Also as I said you can just uh try to test notet one time purchase uh versus renewable subscription also can be a good one for you. Good value by the way. I love this one. And uh yeah, this one um I don't remember to be honest the context, but my main concern was about the uh product setup on the pay wall, that's really hard uh to be honest and uh probably if you have analytic data and you have a lot um enough traffic anyway, try to understand what's better for your business model. uh which product better monthly by default, yearly by default, lifetime purchase. As a user, to be honest, I really love lifetime purchases, but as a business, not usually. [laughter] And uh please check it and if you will see that your yearly product have u has higher LTV and higher retention and your renewable subscription also have a higher retention, just keep the lifetime. Just do it simpler. Uh probably also you can test uh just stay only with yearly instead of monthly plus yearly. Also you can try to test it. It will be really interesting one. Uh really love the value communication. A bit um hard to scan this payroll because orange background and yellow background like cross this pay wall for the two parts and it feels like a two different parts of something. Uh so probably just skip this orange background. Uh maybe maybe why not? Maybe it will work better and will scan uh more easy will be scannable more easy and landmark packs. Um yeah, I remember this one and uh my recommendation here just drop the price and buy word from the button. Uh drop price some somewhere here or close to landmarks. Of course you can be still transparent and you shouldn't do that like a really teeny tiny price communication but just communicate will be better communicate get Europe pack get ocean uh Asia pack something like that it will works better than just buy and uh price um another one uh become a true samurai. Oh yeah, [laughter] cool, cool value proposition. You become a true samurai. Really good one. Uh again, I see here trial communication. Please um CTA button not use seven days like a two words because again that will be hard to scan uh really fast how many days you have for the trial communication for the for your trial. Uh, start my 7 days for free. Start your 7 days free journey. I don't know. Try 7 days for free. Whatever. Continue 7 days for free. Uh, not uh yeah, I uh I recommend absolutely um like change the CTA button. Also the same thing about your communication about the trial here. Do it like a timeline. For example, we have this um template in our revenue builder with timeline how your trial works. You can stay with become a true samurai how your trial works. The full timeline will be better than this one. Uh and also please add huge visible red page about 7 days for free on your product. uh and user will scan we'll see okay they have a 7-day free trial I want to try cool and uh also try to have UCT button close to the bottom of the screen because when let me show I hope you see uh you see my video when we use our pay wall uh h sorry our phone our uh finger will be on the bottom of the screen not not here usually here and because of that if you will just change your position with value communication because to be honest I don't understand why your value communication started to be at the bottom of the screen that will be better to have it on average um position and it will be more um easy to click to your CTA button on the large devices um so The next one, Doxy Pro. H really uh beautiful image but uh too large if we compare with um value proposition. Uh also if you have more value proposition or you can recommunicate it or you if you have any other features please add it here and also add your value communication to the title not just doxy pro because as a user I don't want to doxy pro I want to uh unlimited scans unlimited PDF files uh whatever something like that uh and also the same um feedback about the lifetime uh product. Try to check your analytic data and see what will be better for from the business perspective for your product. If it will be better just to skip lifetime and stay with annual and monthly do that. Uh also the CTA button not subscribe please forget about the subscribe [laughter] try for free seven days for free also I don't see you have a free uh trial seems to me but I don't see this communication if you don't want to add it like a page on the product no worries you can add it close to the close to your value communication for example unlimited PDF files and scans dot free for 7 case. Cool. Value proposition trial communication. You're perfect. Another one. Um or yeah, really good one. Um also the most common mistake why um a lot of developers, a lot of companies try to create really really huge size of prices. You haven't to do that because as I said the smallest size for uh Apple and Google subscriptions for pricing communication will be 14 and your uh price communication just have to be scannable, readable and transparent. That's it. You haven't to do that like a huge uh skyscraper in the New York. Uh you haven't to do it like the same uh titles uh like the same size like a title. You haven't to do that. Why you double your pricing here and here? Please do the seven. Okay. You have a trial. You have a trial. Cool. Do it here. Big page. Save 50% 7 days for free. Uh and then monthly communication. Uh okay. You have a monthly communication. Be careful that your yearly communication have to be more readable than monthly communication like um monthly comparison on the yearly price on the yearly product. So and skip this um double double price you you haven't do to do that. Um also please do uh here more value more packed more friends. Um that's not yeah of course I don't understand the context. I don't see your uh full on boarding flow. If you have your pay wall on the on boarding flow please guys if you don't have pay wall on the onboarding flows add it. Uh I don't I don't have a full context but I see that the main composition of the pay wall not value not a free trial just prices. As a user, I don't want to pay. I don't want to price this. I want value. I want solve my problem. I want to do my jobs to be done. That's it. Uh good uh CTA button. Start 7 days for free. Also, I don't understand why you have to close button. Not now. It close. Uh just keep it from here or from here or communicate like continue with limited features. That also will improve uh your conversion rate especially for trial. Next one. Uh, revenue cat. Hello. Also, I don't uh I don't remember to be honest the full context here, but again uh less value one time purchase. Probably will be better to try uh renewable subscription. Uh and uh the same um the same feedback about the city not unlock to $2 or for $2. uh continue with continue based on jobs to be done. Get some value something like that will uh you will have better conversion and also you have a lot of um space uh on uh on the pay wall you can you should use it. Um so um good one the same feedback like here the same huge prices huge products uh start free trial looks like a beige not like a CTA uh pick your plan add more value and the value is probably uh before product. Oh my god we have almost two minutes. Uh should we continue Austin or we have to? >> Um no this is this is perfect. I was going to ask um can people continue to drop these pay walls in Discord to get feedback from you like Okay, cool. So you'll continue to be in Discord. >> Great. >> Yeah. Yeah, you can drop your u your payw walls on the Discord and I will answer to you just with uh small tips and tricks. Awesome. Yeah, I think that's that's great. Um, tons of things learned here. I have a lot of things that I'm going to apply to my own payw walls. I think some of my biggest takeaways personally was keeping it simple. Um, and like having a call to action that is a featurerated call to action for the customer. So, not something like, "Hey, start now for $3.99 per month," but instead something like, you know, >> Yeah. Yeah. or, you know, save money on fast food. Start saving money on fast food, stuff like that. And then also, um, the exit button was a really interesting one where, um, I've always had something like, you know, continue with the free version or, uh, you know, don't pay now or something like that. Um, but but emphasizing what you're missing out on if you skip this payw wall. So, continue with the limited version or continue with ads >> is something that will work uh more effectively to remind them, hey, here's what you're missing out on when you close this payw wall. >> Um, so that I love that too. That's something that I'm going to implement rather than just like a close button or, you know, continue with free version. So, >> yeah, absolutely. And regarding the upgrade to pro, I want to add because some people probably will ask me, hey, but uh chart GPT use upgrade to pro pro. Uh some other huge uh publishers and huge mobile application use upgrade to pro. Probably I have to use it but not because uh usually huge mobile publishers and huge application like chat GPT, Dualinga etc. They have a brand, they have a lot of organic users and they and that's a bit different uh than we have for smaller applications and for indie developers. If you're indie developer, if you uh have uh if you don't have like a millions for your brand uh and uh trillions for your brand, don't use upgrade to pro. Use value proposition because users will uh pay for you for the value. Awesome. >> Yeah. >> Well, thank you everybody for sharing your payw walls. Um, I think we got a lot of good feedback here. And then hopefully this was helpful as well with lots of tips and tricks of how to utilize the make more money machine most effectively um, which is Revenue Cat payw walls. So, thank you again for tuning in. Um, our next live stream will be, I believe, tomorrow. Um, so be sure to tune in for that. Um, yeah, adding AI capabilities to your app. So that is uh tomorrow at the same time. So hope to see you there. I will be in the chat for that one. And thanks again for tuning in and sharing your pay walls. And thanks Julie for taking your time. >> Yeah, thank you. Thank you for your pay walls. Yeah, see you next time. Donate.