the states in St. Louis, Missouri. Where are you two streaming in from? Start with you, Pamela. >> I'm in Cape Town in South Africa. >> Oh, very cool. >> bottom the bottommost part of Africa, yeah. >> Yeah, so it's you're in the southern hemisphere, so it's >> Mhm. >> winter for you right now. Winter, okay. >> but it's quite a it's a temperate winter. >> Ah, that's good. That's good. Yeah, not so much here. How about you, Martin? >> I'm in Budapest, Hungary. So, it's central-ish Europe, which means that we're pretty well distributed between the three of us. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're kind of I mean, we don't have like the sort of full far east represented here, but yeah, it's a pretty big triangle on the on the globe. All right. Well, I sort of introduced you, I guess, already, but I'll go ahead and uh and kick us off here. Welcome, everybody, by the way. We are going to talk about Kotlin and Compose Multiplatform, a big Q&A livestream here. So, please I'll get to it here in a second, but please ask questions. That's what makes these live storms really fun or these webinars really fun. So, whoops. I started in the middle of my slides. All right, so introduction to who we are. My name is Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at RevenueCat, and I am the self-proclaimed captain of the ship at ton. And then with me today are two developer advocates from JetBrains. So, Martin Braun, am I pronouncing that correctly? >> Yep, yep. >> Awesome. And then Pamela Hill. So, thank you both for for joining us. This will be I'm really excited as a uh as a person who's used JetBrains products for an extremely long time, but I haven't dug into Kotlin Multiplatform as much as I'd like to. So, I have a whole bunch of questions myself uh if I can if I can sneak in the end. So, um I think this will be I think this will be a really fun one. But, before we get to uh Kotlin Multiplatform and all that stuff, let's talk about what's going on in the world of Shipitathon. So, first, uh Oh, yeah. First, please ask questions. Uh join the Discord if you are not in the live stream webinar. Uh there's a channel called Shipitathon live streams where you can ask questions. I'll be monitoring that. And then, if you're in Livestorm in the uh webinar itself, uh there is a chat that you can ask questions in, but there's also a questions tab, which is going to be easier for us if there's a lot of conversation happening to kind of keep track on, and I can make sure that we answer them. So, please throw your questions in there if you have any questions about uh Kotlin Multiplatform or Compose Multiplatform, please throw them in there now, and then obviously as we're talking, you know, you can ask questions as we go. Um All right. And then, world of the Shipitathon. So, as is becoming uh a tradition, we have another sponsor that kind of wanted to join the fun. Uh this time it is Astro, the ASO tool. Uh They wanted to join in, and so you can get 30% off of your first year of Astro. Uh we will send an email with all the information on this, but you don't need to do anything complicated. Uh just enter the code Shipitathon at checkout, and uh you'll get 30% off your first year. So, thank you to Astro uh for supporting the Shipitathon. And they're going to be great. I didn't really explain who they are, but they are an ASO tool. So, especially for uh Apple platforms, they're really good for figuring out like good keywords to use to uh increase your traffic coming from ASO. All right. And then, uh build in public. So, everybody is still building like amazing stuff. Uh I am not getting as much work done as I should because I just keep scrolling the Shipitathon hashtag and seeing all the cool things that everybody's building. Uh so, here's a few highlights that I pulled out for the last few days. Uh so, Mithilesh is working on a outfit uh app and doing some really cool things with transitions and actually have a history of I worked at a company that did uh styling and and outfits. And so, these views I've tried to build things actually similar to this and this was very fun to see somebody else uh building something in this in this category. Um and then Bharath is building a really interesting app. This is like a cool idea that I had uh never thought of before. Here, let me make this bigger, too, so you can see these a little easier. Uh so, this is like it's a Mac app and it lets you like highlight like a screenshot any numbers and then it will just add them up or do math to those numbers. It doesn't matter where they are. They can be like he's doing it to the file size in finder, uh which is something that me running on the betas I've actually been running into a bunch of uh runaway uh storage issues. And so, I've actually been doing this a lot lately. And so, this is actually really just interesting app idea that I'm curious to see keep building. And then uh this is relevant to our current audience. Uh Shiv has been building this really cool travel app uh using using a compose multiplatform. And if you go through his posts uh I had to pick one and it was kind of hard, but he has all these really cool animations that he's been building with compose multiplatform. Uh this was a cool one where you know, you can see as his view gets bigger, the items in it kind of grow or shrink and rearrange themselves based on the size of the view. Um but he's got a really cool onboarding that he also has built. It's been really fun to watch uh the stuff he's been building. So, keep up the good work. Uh these have been really fun to watch and definitely check out that Ship It On hashtag uh, to get inspired. And then also, if I can get the slides go, uh, Ship It On IRL events, there is a bunch happening this week. Actually, I believe Ship It Club Berlin, the one in the middle there, is happening right now. I think it literally started the same time as this. Um, and there's a bunch of uh, RevenueCat people actually there right now. Um, so that one's happening in Berlin. There's one happening later today in Encinitas, in California. Um, and then there's one uh, and then there's one happening on Wednesday in Melbourne, in Australia. Um, there's also a few happening in different parts of the world over the weekend, so definitely go to uh, to our events page on shipiton.com to find one that's in your area. But uh, many of you uh, heard the call out last week and started organizing your own uh, after we talked about it. And so there's even more being added to that list literally every day, so keep your eyes on that. All right. Now, let's get into get into the fun stuff. So, uh, I can already see there's a whole bunch of questions uh, popping up. So, I will read through these while you guys are answering this first one. Um, but I wanted to let you first, for those who are coming in and haven't used uh, KMP or CMP, to give us like a quick overview of what is Kotlin Multiplatform and what is Compose Multiplatform. And how are they different? Cuz I definitely, as someone who was coming into this new in the last few months, uh, I don't think I fully appreciated even the differences between those two. So, um, I'll let you duke it out for who wants to who wants to answer this one. But yeah, just give us like a brief overview. >> Yeah, uh, I can I can take that one to start. Uh, and thanks again for for having us at this uh, Q&A. So, Kotlin Multiplatform is the core technology that allows you to take some Kotlin code and compile it to multiple different platforms. So, it starts from Kotlin sources, it goes through the compiler, and you get different outputs for different platforms. So, for the JVM and Android, you get like bytecode as an output. For iOS, you get native like machine code binaries um like for example a framework uh that you can then integrate into an iOS app. Uh for the web, you might get uh JavaScript or Wasm uh for example. So, uh that's what Kotlin multi-platform itself does. It allows you to write some code that you're going to be able to package into a library and integrate that into multiple different applications on different platforms. And by this, we usually mean sharing business logic, but really it's it's like the compilation technology um for targeting more than one platform with the same code. And then, we have Compose multi-platform, uh which kind of sits on top of this. Uh Compose multi-platform takes Jetpack Compose, which is the UI toolkit developed by Google for Android development, and extends that with additional platforms using Kotlin multi-platform uh under the hood. So, uh basically, you can use the same APIs that you have with Jetpack Compose. And if someone's coming from an Android background, then they already know all of these APIs of of how to build UI with Jetpack Compose. And you can compile that code to multiple platforms and run the same UI code for an Android app, an iOS app, a desktop or web app, uh whatever you want to target. So, these things work together, but uh they're also optional. So, you you can choose whether you only want to share business logic or if you also want the Compose multi-platform UI toolkit on top of that with with shared UI. >> And I'll I'll pull in a question here from Akshay, and maybe maybe you already answered it for him, but I think this is a uh a common kind of question between these two. And the question is KMP versus CMP. Easy to build for just Android iOS with Compose. So, should I just go for KMP or CMP, or should we still focus on KMP? Now, I'll give my my understanding of this, and then you can correct me, but they're not really either or's, right? Like KMP, the point of KMP is for your business logic. And that is going to compile down into native machine code, like you just described. And then, for the UI layer, you can make a choice of do I want to build it natively for iOS or Android separately, or I can use Kot- Compose Multiplatform, CMP, to build it in one place, and then it works on both. And KMP, either way, is where your business logic would live, right? Is that Is that the right way to sort of phrase that? >> Yeah, uh that's that's pretty much it. Uh like you're If you choose to share your UI code with Compose Multiplatform, that's also using KMP as the like compiler technology. Yeah, and it also gets compiled to native code the same way as business logic would. So, it's sharing code with KMP, and then whether you want the UI toolkit part of it, which Compose gives you, uh is is an optional part. Uh and this is part of the flexibility that Kotlin Multiplatform has all around. So, if you only want to share business logic, you can decide if you want to share like a single function, or if you want to share your entire data layer, databases, networking, uh logic that combines that. Uh and then, you can choose to share UI as well, uh which I mean, if you're building for a ship at all, you probably want to move fast, and you also want to share the UI layer with compose, right? Uh and uh there uh you also actually get the choice of how much of the UI you want to share. Uh so, if you have a use case where you want to include some native UI in your app, you can also combine that with compose multi-platform. So, across all of these layers, there's a lot of flexibility in KMP and CMP. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I I just wanted to add um So, before uh May of this year, we had um iOS uh CMP that was not stable. It was in beta. But, uh since May, it's actually been it's in stable status. It's absolutely perfect for production use. Uh and we're now just waiting for uh the Wasm target to become for for both KMP and CMP to go into beta later this year. >> Uh can you explain what that what that means? What's the difference between using CMP, which is out of beta, and the Wasm target for both? >> Sure. So, Wasm is just a technology for web um and it allows you to just uh write create uh UI on the canvas on the on web browser canvas. That's that's the CMP part of it. Um but, it's just a a a little bit of faster than JavaScript. It's a little bit more optimized um and there's various uh reasons why you should use WebAssembly, but I'm not really going to go into that. Um but, um if you want to, you know, I think most people that would want to use KMP right now would probably only be targeting Android iOS, you know, those kinds of things. You can eventually start targeting the web with JS and Wasm and, you know, go crazy, but um right now I'm just sort of saying that the the beta for Wasm is >> Gotcha. That makes sense. Cool. And something uh I did a poor job in my hosting position here that I I did not talk about is uh there is a specific Kotlin and Compose Multiplatform prize category for the Shipit on. Uh and the prizes there are even bigger than the other categories. Um but to Martin's point earlier, uh it is a requirement that well, it's a requirement that you use Kotlin or Compose Multiplatform. Uh you don't technically have to use Compose Multiplatform, but it is a requirement to make it cross-platform. It needs to be on Android and on iOS. Um and I think if you start playing with these tools, it's going to become pretty apparent that if you want to move very quickly and build something high quality, you're going to want to use uh Compose Multiplatform in order to do that, to make sure it works on both platforms and works well on both platforms. So, uh I think most people are probably going to end up using Compose Multiplatform uh on both as well. Um So, uh question that's come in. I think I saw multiple questions that were kind of related to the same thing. Um but one of them is uh how will KMP support native iOS UI look? And will material How's it say? Will material come as a savior? Or is there some other workaround? I think but the other question also is about like basically creating a native look, especially as Android and iOS kind of came out with new uh style concepts this year. >> Yeah. Um there is a Cupertino library um for Compose Multiplatform. Um it is a third-party library. So, you're going to have to try and find it on the net. Um I will also share it in the um KMP channel after the webinar. Um I'll just go look I'll I'll find it and I'll I'll put it on the KMP channel, but it's basically just a a styling that you apply to to look more native on iOS. >> Cool. And that's that's Is there a similar thing for Android? Or I guess it's already Compose already kind of has a very Android uh native look to it? >> Yeah. Material's native Android kind of look. Yeah. >> That makes >> Yeah. To To expand on that uh on the material part. So, Google builds the material theme in Jetpack Compose, right? Like that's what the Android toolkit ships with. And then that same Compose library is also published for multiplatform with Compose multiplatform. So, all of the material components that you have in there, you can also use in your shared code. Uh but if you don't want the material looks as mentioned on other platforms, if you prefer to do something else, you do have other options. Um so, whether that's customizing material because if you customize it a bit from the defaults, it doesn't look like material so much anymore. Um like people have a pretty strong conception of like uh pretty pretty pretty strong idea of what the default look of material is, but it actually allows you a bunch of flexibility. Uh and then Compose also has different layers. So, if you want to just build your entirely own custom design system, which is kind of platform agnostic, you can also not use material as a dependency, drop down one layer below that, which is the like unstyled foundation components in Compose. And you can build your own theming system just like material is built. Like you can get a lot of ideas from the material implementation, and you can build your own UI um components and theming system if you want. Which a lot of companies that have their own like in-house designs um might want to do. >> Yeah. Yeah, and I'll ask this question, too, which I thought was similar, but I think it touches on a question I personally had. Uh this is also talking about the liquid glass aesthetic that came out with 26, but the the end of it is what are the implications for CMP, especially wanting UI that works well for older devices, too. So, my understanding of how CMP is working is uh you have your own runtime and like rendering pipeline that is separate from the native uh rendering engines. Is that right? >> Yep. Yep. >> So, does that mean then that uh in terms of backwards compatibility, is it actually a little more stable for older devices because like if somebody created a liquid glass uh KMP plugin or something that created that style, because it works within the the uh KMP rendering engine. I'm probably using the wrong terms here, but that would work for older devices, too. It wouldn't necessarily require the latest version of iOS, and it would work on Android. Am I thinking of this the right way? >> Uh yes, it would depend on some implementation details. Like you still might use something in theory that's like using APIs that are only on new versions of whether it's probably not on iOS because on iOS we pretty much bundle everything. On Android, some of the things are like built in system APIs that power the Compose implementations. But in general, Compose is an unbundled toolkit that you package into the app. Um so, yes, it's pretty good in terms of backwards compatibility because if you're running Compose, most of it is just direct like draw calls on a canvas at the end of the day, so they don't really touch um system APIs like that. Uh in the case of liquid glass, if you want to use that, uh, you would want to use at least some native UI on the iOS side, uh, which you can do with Compose Multiplatform. So, you can combine Compose UI and native UI. Uh, it does get more complicated than just purely Compose code, of course, but the interop APIs do exist. And if you only want, uh, maybe the like top-level navigation that's overlaid on top of your content, you could still have your content as Compose implementation, which is shared, and then the native navigation with like liquid glass elements and things like that could sit on top of it, um, on on iOS. Uh, on the iOS side, what you essentially get is, uh, UI view controller, and however you want to embed that into your app, um, is is up to you. Traditionally, we just take over the entire screen with like one big rectangle, but you can choose to use Compose for just a part of your app. >> But can can the that UI view, can that be embedded inside of the Kotlin Multiplatform rectangle, or does it have to be kind of inverted? >> It goes both ways. >> Oh, very cool. Okay. Yeah, that's awesome. >> Yeah, so so if you if you want to have just um, let's say that you have a calendar view that you built in Compose, which is like really complicated with selection behavior and then rendering stuff, uh, you could share that as just one part within your otherwise native iOS app, but you could also, uh, interop the other way around. So, if you have a fully Compose app, but you need a native map view or camera view inserted into it, uh, then you could do that in platform-specific ways. Or like a video player, for example, uh, like those would be common examples. >> Cool. Um, all right, here's one. This one might be a little technical, but we'll we'll see if we can, uh, we can get through it with words. Even though I'm working on React Native and Flutter, I'm a bit new to Compose Multiplatform. For Ship It On 25, I'm building my app in Compose Multiplatform. Can you guide us a bit on proper project structure? Like how do I separate UI and logic with best practices? So obviously, kind of high-level cuz we're just talking about it. But yeah, what are like kind of the ideas for best practices? Or maybe what are the best places to look to to get those ideas? >> I would say, you know, when you use the wizard, which is kmp.jetbrains.com, when you use the wizard, it gives you the right structure already. So if you select shared UI on under the iOS sort of checkbox, and then you select Android, it will generate a project that already has the project structure that you need for everything that you want to do. So that would mean like having the Compose app module and having the shared module, and all those things would be in there. So I would really recommend having a look at the wizard, maybe playing around with a few different options, and just seeing like because those are the best practices. Those are the ones that we codify into the wizard. Um something else that I wanted to mention was we we do have a video on on YouTube about this. There's also a very extensive playlist of KMP resources on our on just the Kotlin YouTube channel. Um and especially curated for KMP, but that video is on there. It's something about using Kotlin using Kotlin Multiplatform native APIs or something like that. And that explains like the best practices and how to use expect actuals and how to go and use coin and you know what the best practices for using you know when should you use a library when should you use expect actual and things like that. >> Sweet. Um so there are there's still some more questions coming. Some of these are a little more uh technical so I'll get to those a little later but let's you guys provided a bunch of frequently asked questions that I kind of wanted to make sure I got through some of those early ones at least. Uh so please keep Excuse me. Please keep the questions coming. Uh I'm still monitoring them and I'll I'll keep bringing them in. Um but uh let's go ahead and look at one of the ones that you you sent us earlier. So um how is Kotlin multiplatform fundamentally different from other cross-platform solutions like Flutter or React Native? So this feels like a good maybe I should have literally started with this one cuz this is kind of a good like level set uh for you know what what is Kotlin multiplatform I guess in comparison to these other tools. >> Yeah. So obviously with Flutter and React Native for Flutter you'll be using Dart and React Native you'll be using TypeScript or JavaScript I can't remember anymore. Um but with Kotlin multiplatform obviously you're going to be using the amazing the splendid first Kotlin and it's such a great language to use and it makes people happy because it makes people productive. Um so there's that. But um Flutter and React Native do kind of require you to start your project from scratch in those technologies whereas Kotlin multiplatform allows you to start using it in what what they call brownfield projects where there's existing projects that don't you know that you that maybe uh exist separately on Android and iOS. And then you can actually start using um KMP and CMP components within those um within those apps and share code like that. Martin, I don't know if you want to add something else. >> Yeah, another thing to point out would be the interrupt story with with Kotlin multi-platform. So, as we mentioned earlier Kotlin when you run it on different platforms it compiles down to the native binaries of each respective platform. And this also means that there's really easy interrupt because we're running code that's in the same like memory space for example as native code would have. Which means that a lot of platform APIs are automatically exposed to Kotlin code. So, if you need to bridge out into a native iOS API for example to read like device information or run something with Bluetooth or network state. Anything like that you can write that in Kotlin code. And the platform APIs of iOS or available automatically. We do have a mechanism around this and with source sets and expect actuals which I don't think we want to get lost in without like visuals and some some code explanations. But you can of course find all of that in the documentation. But the point is when you're writing code that's specific for iOS you can call into iOS APIs from your Kotlin code. When you're writing code that's specific for web for example you can call into browser like DOM APIs if you need to and and things like that. And that interrupt I think is quite unique. We hear that a lot when we talk to for example Flutter developers at the booth. >> Yeah, yeah I imagine that actually makes a lot of sense having played with Flutter a little bit in the past. And I think related to this interrupt we just got a question from Discord from Gabriel that says Do you have advice you know somebody starting new on a cross platform project today? Which parts of the app would you implement with KMP first to get quick wins and which parts would you keep native for now? >> I would suggest um So just keeping like I I would suggest Come you know accelerating your development by just going sharing as much as you can and then just doing what you have to to in order to you know do the native integrations it might be things like device information Bluetooth as as Martin was saying um those kind of things that you need to do you you do natively but I would use like compose multi platform to share my UIs I would use KMP to share as much business logic as I can view models uh and navigation um uh you know databases and all those kinds of things I would go ahead and share um so yeah >> I I'm a little bit confused about whether this question is about existing apps or completely new apps uh in the case of uh >> It says a new cross platform project today so I think that's that's kind of where it's coming from. >> Yeah so I I think for that case we would say like go full stack KMP use CMP uh you can have essentially 100% nothing code base. >> Cool. >> Yeah that makes sense. Uh also related to you brought up Flutter earlier uh Jonathan asks does KMP excuse me does KMP result in better app performance compared to Flutter. >> I think you can write good code and bad code in any framework. Is Is the primary answer here. Uh what we can say from the KMP and the compose side is that we do have performance which uh matches the performance of native UI toolkits as as far as we've measured. Uh on Android uh obviously um we are reusing Jetpack Compose uh because Google is already doing all of the work to create Jetpack Compose. So there using Kotlin multiplatform or Compose multiplatform doesn't really have any impact at all. Like if you look at the output app for Android you would be like hard pressed to tell that it's actually a Compose multiplatform app. Um so the performance there is just the same as usual. And then on iOS uh we are targeting uh the native refresh rates of iOS devices. Uh so 60 hertz on older devices, 120 hertz on newer devices. Um and we've seen that in our benchmarks uh we can hit those frame rates. We have things like scrolling benchmarks where we can see performance that's on par with 60 light performance. Um so we're generally happy with the performance of KMP and CMP. And of course if you run into any issues whether it's on the native side or like any of the platforms uh please file issues and and we'll follow up on it. But one of the things that we included in the criteria for the stable uh Compose multiplatform iOS release earlier this year for example was that performance uh should be uh like pretty much on par with native. Like no critical issues around it. >> Sweet. Um this one's interesting. Uh Uh, so this is from Daylon on on Discord. Excited about compose hot reload, but it requires desktop targets. When will hot reload work on mobile targets or when will RevenueCat support KMP desktop so I can start using hot reload when building my projects. So to start, what is compose hot reload? Uh, can you give us the pitch on that? >> Yeah, I'll I'll take this one. I've I've done a lot of talking about hot reload. Uh, so uh, hot reload is uh, technology that allows you to see changes that you make to your compose code base uh, reflected live in a running compose desktop app, which is which is like running on top of the JVM. Uh, so as you make a code change, we can recompile that for you and inject it into your already running app so that you keep your existing state. If you have navigated somewhere, if you have a search input already, uh, if you're looking at like a very specific part of the app and you've tweaked some padding or some logic in your app, that can be injected live and you'll see the changes immediately. Um, this is great for small UI tweaks, but you could technically also implement entirely new screens, new features with hot reload. Like there are very few changes that we're not able to to um, hot reload and they have to be pretty significant or like very special um, changes um, in your code. Uh, this is powered by some technologies in open um, in our own open JDK uh, fork, uh, which is JetBrains runtime. So it's a like a very specific JVM with great special class redefinition features to be able to reload things at runtime like that, which means that for now we're focusing on the desktop target um, for for hot reload. We have some investigations for other platforms, but we can't really promise anything uh, for those at the moment. Uh of course, as the question posed, um if RevenueCat adds KMP desktop support uh somehow, uh that's going to of course ease things. >> Yeah, that is uh I'm I'm not necessarily the best person to answer this, but I I do hear this. Uh I know it's a thing that we have some very very big KMP cheerleaders uh inside of RevenueCat. Um I think one of the one of the issues is like uh desk Mac desktop apps aren't necessarily in the App Store, and so knowing what uh StoreKit or uh I'm trying to think I don't know if we have a like Windows uh store compatibility story either. So, I I think it's the store part of it that's kind of a challenge. Um >> Yeah, it seems like >> been conversations, but I don't think it's Yeah, exactly. Um That said, we have we do have a web billing product uh that is expanding pretty rapid rapidly, and so there's a story that could be told through that as well. But everything's early enough that uh I can't say, you know something is imminent or we're going to have support for it soon or anything like that. Um but it sounds like it's a still a really good environment for building like tweaking UIs or building uh you know, a complicated layout if you want like a faster cycle time. Um you could you could run that on the desktop you know, for while you're building that that UI. >> Yeah, uh something that you could do is uh in the setup for your desktop app, uh you could inject different dependencies. So, for example, for your payment parts, if you have that separated with an interface or something, you could have the real implementation for mobile, and you could have a fake or just completely empty implementation for the desktop part. Uh you could also just create a completely separate app, like a gallery sort of app, which just has your UI components with no logic at all, so that you don't have to do any mocking of services or things like that. Uh and you could develop individual components or maybe individual screens in like a gallery kind of setup. Uh and again, like make use of hot reload. It really just works for for any desktop app, whether that's a full app which has all of your business logic as usual or something smaller. Um it's up to you. >> Cool. Uh here's one that's in This is in the chat, uh but it may it maybe you don't This is a term I don't know, so maybe this isn't uh like a JetBrains necessarily related thing, but uh can you talk about the Juni coding agents and any tips on using it, especially when rebuilding an existing app with KMP CMP? Does that ring bells? Do you know what Juni coding agents are? Cuz I actually I don't know what that is. >> So, it's our it's our new AI agent um product. Uh I couldn't remember if it's in EAP right now, Martin. >> Uh Juni isn't in in general. Juni is is just released. >> Uh it's released, okay. So, um you can just uh use it from IntelliJ and I think Android Studio as well at some stage. Uh you can install on install the plugin and you can just start chatting to this AI agent uh in order to ask it questions or to get it to code for you. It will create a plan and it will execute the plan for you, so um uh I am at the moment using Juni to migrate one of the Androids uh the Android Jetpack Compose samples to um multiple platforms. And I'm sort of using Genie step-by-step to um migrate different libraries and different uh sections of the code uh step-by-step. And Genie is is a great companion to do that, yeah. >> I don't know if we have any super specific like KMP related hints with Genie. Uh I think something that we've seen is that when you're working with KMP and CMB code because a lot of it looks like Android code and there's a lot of Android code in the training data for LLMs that are behind like these AI um coding solutions. Uh I think we've seen that Genie is pretty good at working with multiplatform uh Kotlin multiplatform and compose multiplatform code because again something like the layouts, the animation APIs, the theming APIs, the material components, all of these kinds of things uh are just the same as they would be on on Android. Um so I don't think we have super specific tips, but definitely uh like we do encourage you to uh try Genie and you can use it with just about any kind of project including KMP ones. >> Yeah. I would like to just quickly mention. So in this project that I'm busy working on, uh I asked Genie to create like a mermaid diagram for me. Um it's basically just a way to see like dependencies between uh well sort of like dependencies between different components. And I asked it for two things. I wanted it to understand how the different modules in the project were structured, how you know, how are they dependent on each other? And then I asked it also like which libraries or is uh each component, each module uh dependent on. So then it was easier for me to see, "Oh, um so this library is not multi-platform, so I will have to migrate this whole, um, this whole component to something else or do it natively with the expect actual or, you know, find some other way to use it. Um, and that like I would actually suggest, you know, using Genie's ask mode, um, to ask ask it questions and like sort of make a plan for yourself on how you're going to migrate, um, your existing app. Um, and I I used my mind diagrams to make things a little bit clearer for me. I also asked, uh, Genie about creating a plan, uh, a migration plan for me and it came up with a pretty pretty solid plan. Um, so maybe just use it as inspiration. Um, and uh, you know, make it of of what of what of it what you want to, but um, I used the mind diagrams and I asked it for some plans. Um, and then I started coding things out. Yeah. >> Nice. And I also related to Genie, uh, Andy asks, uh, if I need to set up a back end, say for virtual currency, which is a new RevenueCat, uh, product that we just released in beta recently, uh, can Genie help with that and is there a recommended platform for using with CMP? >> So CMP is just a a client, um, technology, but, um, what I would suggest is using something, um, uh, I would say like like to, uh, suggest that you some like a Kotlin kind of server framework, like Spring Boot or Ktor, uh, to build a back end. Um, and yes, you can use Genie to, um, create both those, um, kinds of back >> Is is IntelliJ the IDE that you would use for that, then? >> Yeah. >> With JUnit? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Nice. >> But, if someone's an Android developer, you can also um continue using Android Studio if if you're used to that. Um so, JUnit's also in Android Studio the same way. >> Yeah. >> Uh of course, for >> Spring Boot, for example, if you want the dedicated support, then that's something that's in like IntelliJ Ultimate specifically. But, Android like for general Kotlin code editing, uh whether it's a Ktor or Spring app, uh if you want to use Android Studio still, uh you can probably do just about anything there as well. You'll just miss some of the like paid features for Spring. >> Yeah, this is this is sort of an aside. Here, I'll mark this as as uh but since I have you, as a as a JetBrains fan for years, going back to uh what was the Visual Studio not Visual Studio code Visual Studio alternative? Yes, yeah, ReSharper, that plug-in. Uh you all have a just huge amount of IDEs and development platforms. Do you find yourself like liking one of them and using it for things that you're not even really supposed to use it for? Like, you just love Android Studio and you end up doing some server code in there just cuz you're in there and you're familiar with everything, or do you bounce around between all the different IDEs uh uh based on kind of the task at hand? >> Uh I probably use Android Studio a little bit more than I should, but uh IntelliJ is my second favorite child. >> That's Oh, go ahead. >> Yeah, uh the code that I have been writing for the last several years is basically all Kotlin. Uh I used to daily drive Android Studio. Now, I'm doing more work in IntelliJ just because the platform version is a bit ahead of Android Studio, so some of our internal testing has to happen in IntelliJ. Uh but it barely makes a difference which one of these uh you're in. Um at least for for like a Kotlin multiplatform project. Uh it has the same support in in both of them, uh including our new ID plugin, which we've had since this May roughly uh for Kotlin multiplatform. I see that someone just commented about Swift support uh in AppCode. Some of those things have been in one way or another packaged into the the new KMP plugin. So, if you have that installed in IntelliJ or Android Studio, uh you can also work with Swift projects. It's not a dedicated ID for Swift, but because Kotlin multiplatform projects involve some Swift coding, uh we do have a bunch of language support and cross-language features between Kotlin and Swift are. >> Nice. Yeah, that's what I I've just always wondered what it would be like uh working I assume you also have like early versions of things coming in or things that you're trying to test like you were kind of mentioning, and so it would be interesting having so many different uh development tools kind of laying around you all the time. >> I have so many instances of IntelliJ installed. And then I sometimes still build it from source. >> or something between them all. Um let's see. There was a question about from Jonathan. Um does creating KMP libraries and using them in my Ship It On project increase my chances of reaching the top five in the KMP category? Or does that not count? For example, OneSignal doesn't support KMP at the moment. So, I mean, know. think I can answer this. I mean, if you're using if you're using KMP to build it, I think the way we phrase these uh these categories, too, is a big part of it is the story you're telling about how using it helped you build the app. Um So if if something about Like, if you're using KMP in some interesting, unique way that's more that's a deeper connection or a unique way of connecting uh into your app and that's helping you deliver a cross-platform apps better, um that can only help you. Uh this specific question, I I'm struggling to fully wrap my head around what it's actually asking. Um but but yeah, I think that's I think that's a big part of what we're looking for. With all the Shipyard categories, really, is is telling us the story of why you did what you did and why your app, you know, makes sense for for this category win. Um so, I think that's probably as as good of an answer as I can get. I don't know if I don't know if KMP libraries are a specific, unique thing or is that like a library in in any framework? It's just shared code. Okay. >> Just a multi-platform library. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I think what they mean here is that One Signal, in this case, doesn't have a dedicated library for Kotlin Multiplatform that you can easily use in your shared code. So, what they're proposing is is building that library for for multi- like KMP. >> Ah, yes. I Well, then, yeah, I mean, I think in that case, then that that adds to your story. That is uh how you use this, you know, even though there wasn't dedicated things, I could build my own wrapper for it, especially if you like open-sourced it or shared it with the community or something like that, all of that stuff kind of bundles into the the story you're telling of how this technology helped you build uh the app that you're building. Um let's see. So, there's one I've sort of been avoiding cuz it feels uh it feels pretty technical, but we're we're towards the end here. So, I'll ask it and we'll see if it if it's something we can answer uh live. So, I've been trying to get to know what's the best practice to integrate third-party static compiled libraries on iOS and Android side in KMP. I tried to use Cinterop. However, I use a third package library from SPM to easily interact with a static library since I don't know much Objective-C but Swift. And then they I don't know if this is related. This is a separate question but from the same person. They also mentioned that they touched Sky uh to call Kotlin code on the Swift side. However, we cannot vice versa at the moment. But, do correct me if I'm wrong. >> So, I'll I'll address Sky and then we can talk about the SPM uh stuff a little bit uh later. So, Sky is just a library from Touchlab uh that allows you to call your Kotlin code from Swift in a nicer way. So, it's in a way that doesn't make I iOS engineers angry. Um so, it's it's uh you know, it creates really nice uh like it will help you to um you know, call suspending functions and flows nicely. It has you know, there's there's a few interop uh glitches when you call uh Swift when you call Kotlin code from Swift um when it works via the Objective-C bridge. So, um Sky is just a way to like fix those things and to make it just more developer friendly. Um and in terms of calling, um it's it's definitely like I would encourage you to use it in your project if it if it makes you if it makes your your life easier. And in terms of um the the SPM stuff, they were saying that they could use um uh SPM project uh or you you can use a SPM project from um from your cut Kotlin? Yes. I'm sorry, my >> Uh it was saying it was use a third-party package library from SPM to easily interact with static libraries. Uh so I think in this case they're talking about native in this case Objective-C libraries, I guess. Um and pulling that in through SPM. So is there some sort of interop between SPM being Swift package manager, Apple's like library uh manager. Is there like an interop between that and KMP in some way, I guess? >> Um you can call So as long as your Swift code is annotated with at Objective-C, um you can um use Swift package manager to sort of import your Swift code into Kotlin. But um there are there are some few documentation pages that I'll also add to um the KMP documentation or the KMP um channel a little bit later. Um I also wanted to shout out to a particular um it's a plugin from Francois I can't remember his surname, but he wrote SPM for KMP. Martin, was that is that the right name? >> Yeah, I think so. >> SPM for KMP that allows you to um take um I I just can't remember which way around it was, but it allows you to use um I think SPM stuff in your Kotlin code. Is that right? >> Uh yeah, and and and another resource I would point to for the like this this way of interop would be the Kotlin Conf talk from this year uh by John O'Reilly, which was about Kotlin Swift interop patterns. Uh which also goes into some of the different ways that you can call from Kotlin into Swift libraries. Um there's there's a couple solutions for for that. Cool. Um let me ask Okay, so there's there's a couple like again like Ship a Ton uh specific type questions that'll be kind of quick. So, one we already answered this, but do I need to publish my CMP app on the Play Store and the App Store to be eligible for the Kotlin multi-platform reach award? Yes, that's like part of the point is that it's it's a cross-platform. Uh so it needs to be on both. Um and then let's go ahead let's go ahead and jump over to uh another one of the questions that you guys said were frequently asked. So, um we kind of already talked about that and that. Um so who's actually using KMP in production for serious large-scale apps? Can you share some examples? >> McDonald's. Yeah, they're using uh you make a D's. Um they use >> and pop shop, right? I think I've heard of them. >> So, they're definitely using Kotlin multi-platform uh to share business logic. There's also um Um, know, because CMP came became stable for iOS a little bit later. Um, you know, there's only now sort of more composed multi-platform um apps that are, you know, sort of written full stack in in um composed and Kotlin multi-platform. But, um we are seeing um companies like Instabee that have been on board since the very beginning. Uh I think it was Bilibili um that is I think it's a a Chinese search engine. No, it's a chat app. Um is it like a it's like a video chat app. They've been using it quite successfully um for a while and they've got a massive MAU. Um >> Cool. Yeah, I it seems like from the outside to just being a person who lives in the world of apps, uh it's on the rise if that's the right way to phrase it. It just feels like more and more it is like the platform that uh I hear very seriously in every discussion about if you're going cross-platform. Like, this is this is the a framework to take very, very seriously. Um and it's been proven out by large apps, you know, over and over again that it can handle uh handle that kind of scale. Um so, that's cool. >> We we also do have a dedicated page for KMP case studies, uh which again we can link in the Discord and KMP case studies, uh if you just search for that, uh will give you uh the page uh where we have uh case studies both for KMP and then also for uh companies that use CMP as well. Um which we've been adding more and more of uh over time. These case studies are coming in fast enough that we're kind of overwhelmed with processing them uh and then putting them on the page, uh but you can find a bunch of case studies already there. Uh you can also uh see some Compose uh users uh from production. Uh if you go to the Compose multiplatform landing page, uh we have we have some nice apps uh prominently featured there. Uh one of the other case studies that I would mention here uh would be Google uh for for KMP. So, they are using it strictly for sharing business logic because that's how they like building cross-platform apps, uh but they're using it uh already in Google Workspace. So, if you're using Google Docs on an iPhone, um it's highly likely that you're um running it uh on top of KMP at this point. Uh I think they're probably still AB testing it, but um they are running that with Google Docs. And since that adoption was successful, they're looking to adopt it to other Workspace apps in the future. So, calendar, sheets, uh Gmail, you know, uh the entire Workspace suite uh at some point. And they also give yearly updates about this at Kotlin Conf. So, you can check out like this year's Kotlin Conf talk from Google um Workspace uh where they have they have talked about what their current adoption and status. >> That's awesome. Yeah, that's uh if you can handle that kind of scale, uh you can handle just about anything, I think. Uh cool. Andy asks uh related to you mentioning Chinese, um are there any gotchas wanting to display Mandarin alongside English in a KMP app? >> I don't think I should be I am not sure. >> I mean, it's using the same it I assume it's using the same like font rendering pipeline as uh as Jetpack Compose is using? >> Uh yes, there are some differences in text rendering across platforms because that's just how text rendering is. Uh but Mandarin should certainly be supported. Again, Bilibili is using Compose Multiplatform in production, millions of users. Um so certainly um rendering Mandarin should be fine. Uh there is also in general just uh resource and localization support uh built for Compose Multiplatform that you can use uh which is not the same as the Android resource system, but it's very very similar to it in terms of the formats and APIs that you can use. >> Cool. Um I'll answer this one really quick. So um somebody mentioned they started the Ship of Time by building a native Android app um and they're asking if they could still qualify for the Kotlin Multiplatform prize if they were to create and publish an iOS app built with Kotlin Multiplatform, but keeping Android app on the not using uh Kotlin Multiplatform. Um I think technically by the the letter of the rules, that would be fine. Like the idea is it needs to be on both platforms and you need to use Kotlin Multiplatform and explain how it helped you. Um how it helped you build that. And so in this case, it would be doing that. Um it'd be it'd be interesting like I feel like at that point, you might as well pull more into the shared libraries at the very least uh just because uh doing that work anyway to re write it, you might as well. And presumably it's in Kotlin um as well. I guess maybe it could not be and maybe that's why, but yeah, I I would I would say it would seems like it would make more sense to to pull more of it in. Um but strictly speaking by the word of the rules, I I think that would be fine. Um and possibly like I said, if if the story is I have this really complicated, which if you just now built it, this probably isn't true, but you have some really big complicated Android app and this technology helped you bring it to iOS in a way that would have been really hard before. I think that's that is still really compelling. Um but yeah. So, I think that answers it. I don't know if you all have have thoughts. >> I am confused >> strange. >> Yeah. >> I mean, I think the idea is Um what I'm going to guess the perspective is is you started the competition, you started building an Android app and then you as you're looking at the categories, you're like, "Oh, wait. Maybe this makes sense for me. Um can I just build now build the iOS version in with KMP uh and maybe not. I I would also use Compose Multiplatform in this case, too. Again, I'm presupposing that you used Kotlin and Jetpack Compose for the Android version. And if that's the case, I would imagine that porting that into KMP and CMP would be really fast and easy, right? Yes, for for for most things. Yeah. >> And and I'm confused about which like if you write something that will work on iOS in Kotlin, why wouldn't you then use the same things that you wrote also in Android? So, it it would be a very strange setup indeed to have KMP code that you're only compiling for iOS because at that point it's probably good that you could also compile for Android and just I mean, have it shared and reused. >> Yeah, that makes sense. Um I we are pretty much just out of time. Um I think I can Let's see. I think I have We'll skip over the ones that we uh we had in there just in case there weren't questions, but we had plenty. So, thank you all. Um So, thank you both of you, uh Martin and Pamela, for for joining me. This was personally really enlightening as somebody who's who's relatively new to this, um and I think it was really helpful for for everybody that joined in, so I appreciate you joining me. >> Thank you. >> And then, uh on Thursday, uh Thor from Eleven Labs is going to join, and we're going to talk about giving your app a voice with Eleven That Labs and conversational AI. And selfishly, I'm also very excited because yesterday they announced their new music uh creation APIs. Uh and I have a whole bunch of questions about that, too. So, if you have any questions about anything uh Eleven Labs or AI audio generation, uh please throw those in Discord. Um we'll also post uh on on socials, you can add questions there. And then, of course, in the live stream as we're doing it, we can do questions live as well. So, we have that to look forward to. Thank you, everybody, for uh joining. And again, thank both of you for for joining in. Um hopefully, this was as fun for you as it was for me. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, thanks for having us, and thanks for all the questions. >> Yeah. >> All right. I'll see you all later. Uh have a good one. >> Thank you. Bye.