[Music] Yo, bumpy on the track. Gear up for shipon. It's time to hack. Mobile devs unite. Build your app and shine. Monetize and style. SDK on the grind from August to September. Stake your claim in time. [Music] Hundreds of thousands up for grabs. Rise to the top. Grand prize glowing bright. Time Square won't stop. Shipons the stage where your dreams pop. Building world war peace prize on the line. P they building public community in our prime hacker history with style. That's a fact. Shipon 2025 powered by revenue cat. >> Oh man, >> that rhyme at the end. Huh. >> Yeah, it ends it ends very strong. Uh I have to say uh so welcome everybody. Uh oh, there you go. So Thor just shared uh what he used. That's the AI jingle maker. Okay. So that's different than than 11 Labs music. >> Well, so it's one of the micro sites that we've built on top of the music API. >> That makes sense. Okay. And we'll get into all that here in a second. Um, but first, let's introduce uh who we are. So my name is Charlie Chapman. I am a developer advocate at RevenueCat and self-proclaimed captain of the shipon. And with me uh this this week very excitingly is Shore Schaef. Uh is am I pronouncing that correctly? >> Yeah, it's like the chef in the in the kitchen. Uh which >> ah chef. Okay. Okay. >> Chef. Yeah. Which in German means chief, but in English it kind of translates to I guess the chief of the kitchen. Yeah. >> Yeah. No, that's that makes sense. In some cases the most powerful person you can imagine more than even a chief of like a military or something. Uh >> uh and you are the developer or a developer relations in developer relations at 11 Labs. >> Yeah, I mean I guess there's a lot of different words for it, but yeah, broadly developer experience, developer relations uh just making sure that developers have a good time building with 11 Labs. >> Awesome. And uh you are coming at us in a very new to you place or a new living to you place of uh New York City. Is that right? >> Yes. Yeah. I just moved here two weeks ago um pretty much halfway around the world. So I spent the last six years in in Singapore um working on various kind of developer tooling you know Superbase uh for example Stripe. So various developer tooling platforms and um yeah kind of moving halfway around the world is an interesting experience mostly because like your routine and everything just um changes completely. Uh it's funny because like the Singapore time zone, you know, it's it's not the greatest when working with the US because you have a lot of late nights, >> but sort of the the benefit is that um your mornings are very quiet because like everyone in the US is like asleep >> and so and then you know London, so a lot of the folks I work with um on my team are kind of based out of Europe or London. Uh, and so, you know, it would take kind of a couple hours until like London would wake up and so I could like, you know, work on my stuff and then London would wake up and then I could chat with them. And now it's like flipped around, you know, like even if I get up at like 6:30 in the morning, you know, like London's been up for a couple hours and they're like, >> "Yep, exactly." you wake up and you look at Slack right away and just see what what uh fire needs to be put out. >> Yeah, exactly. So, um yeah, it just takes takes a bit of getting used to the new time zone. Also, I guess like the amount of admin just involved moving to the the US is >> quite interesting. >> And it's you know when you when you get a new SSN, it's like you're a newborn. It's like you haven't existed like ever. And so if you like go, you know, anywhere like to a bank and it's like, "Oh, hey, how can I get a credit card?" Like, "You don't have a credit history. How do I build a credit history? You need a credit card." It's like, >> "Can I get a credit card?" You don't have a credit history. So, um, couple things to get used to. >> Yeah. But all of that is worth it because you will be in the city where it happens where the winners of the shipon will have will have their apps displayed on the giant billboard in Times Square uh and you'll be there uh during the Revikat app growth annual conference uh where we'll be presenting uh the shippies to the winners. So, you know, >> tradeoffs, but obviously everything's totally worth all that work for that one reason alone. >> Indeed. and I can monetize my apps. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Exactly. Uh so we will get into uh 11 labs and talk about all of that. Uh but two things. One, as with all these webinars, please ask questions. That is the that is the reason we do these live is so that we can bring your questions live here and answer them uh while we have an expert on the horn. Uh, and so you can do that in Discord if you're watching outside of our webinar platform. Uh, there's a channel in there called Shipeton-livestreams. Um, or if you're in Livtorm, um, you can throw them in. There's a questions tab. You can put questions in there. Um, and we can answer them as we go. You can also throw them in the chat, but you know, they might get they might get buried. So, recommend putting them in the question section. Um and now let's go around the horn uh and see what's going on in the world of Shipeton. So as you all have been doing throughout this whole competition uh the hashtag buildinpublic energy is extremely high. Uh I saw Jose has been working on this uh I think it's like a workout related app called Form Buddy, but he just he just posted this new onboarding where he built a interactive 3D dumbbell character that sort of like falls down and glides in uh and if you tap on it, it like bounces and its face changes expressions. It's very delightful. I'm excited to to start playing around with that app uh once it gets a test flight out. Um, and then, uh, I'm not going to pronounce this name correctly, but the the the tag is Nif or her title is Nif Nifa Daramola. Uh, I just discovered her. She's been doing uh, YouTube shorts since we started. Um, she is working on she's going after the Revikat Peace Prize. So, this is the award that's for a uh, an app that does something good for the public. uh and she's from Nigeria and she's working on an app that will help uh give people better access or show people how to get better access to like public utilities and public goods and stuff like that. Uh clean water, that kind of thing. And so she's actually she's used a couple of the AI apps um in that are in our ship kit to help build a project plan. She's been talking about that. So definitely recommend checking out uh her stuff. And then uh th has been uh doing like Twitter posts updating us on the regular goings on. Most of them are actually technical in nature or whatever, but I just got very excited when I saw them. Uh they they wrote hashon on their table in I'm guessing that's ketchup uh some sort of sauce. Uh and that made me laugh way too loud and so I had to bring that here. Uh but also they're doing some really cool stuff and talking about their process as they go. Um also Shipatan in real life events, IRL events are really popping off. So there was an event a couple days ago in Berlin that had a really good turnout in a space that honestly looks extraordinarily cool. >> Wondershune. >> What's that? >> Wondershoon because Berlin, you know. >> I don't know what that means. What is that? Oh, >> it's just beautiful in German. Oh, be Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, I'm showing my like Midwestern American uh ignorance of anything not English. Uh um but that event sounded really awesome. There was also an event in Insanus in California uh that had some really amazing custom swag. Uh you can see our co-founders there. Our CEO is the one like hiding under a box in the back of that car uh to get all that custom swag uh brought over. So, that looked like a really cool event as well. Uh, and then there's a bunch coming up uh pretty soon. So, there's one on Saturday in Japan in Kawasaki. Uh, that's with the melting hack folks. Uh, that'll be a really fun one. Um, next Thursday there's an event in Canada. Uh, here I can share. Let's see. There we go. Um, next week there's one in Canada. They've actually been doing a hackathon for the last I think month. Um this is the pea alliance I believe is what the organization's called. Um and they're doing their own hackathon that sort of the winners can then or not just the winners but everybody can then feed into the regular shipon. Um but they're doing their judging and final like presentations uh on Thursday and uh they'll have some they'll have some shipon swag as well to give away. And then uh also on Thursday in Taiwan uh there's a an event in Tai Chong. Uh I'm actually that is actually the day that I am landing in Taiwan. Uh unfortunately the timing is not going to work out. I'm not going to be able to get the train down to Tai Chong. So I'm going to miss >> this specific event. Uh but I will be in Taiwan with uh you can't see around me, but I'm just surrounded by uh Revyat and Chipoton swag right now uh that I'm I'm going to be taking with me uh as well as some that we're shipping there. So, uh, if you're going to I Playground, the conference that'll be in Taipei, um, me and a couple co-workers are going to be there. Um, and also hit me up on, uh, Twitter or whatever if you want to hang out because that is really the reason that I go to all these places is to hang out with other other builders. Um, >> nice. I need to send you my Taiwan recommendation list. >> Oh, okay. I'll just put you on the spot. Do you have one one thing that I need to make sure I hit up while I'm there? >> There's a lot, but yeah, I mean, well, now it's summer, but if you go just a bit up north, um there's like the the natural hot springs in uh B. >> Oh, yes, I've heard about that. >> Yeah, you can just hop on the train and uh go up and there's like a hotring museum as well. And then kind of halfway between there's like one of the big famous night markets. Um, forgot the name. Just blanking on the name now. But like you'll basically see it. It's like along the way uh on the map. I'll I'll >> incredible amount of >> Oh, I think um Have we lost your audio? >> Oh. Oh, no. Did you lose? >> You can hear the >> it. Yeah, it sounded a bit muffled just now. >> Um, let's see in the chat. Can people let me know? Do you hear me? Okay. Hopefully you can. Yes. Okay. I think we're okay. Good deal. Um, all right. So also as is becoming tradition uh more people want to join more companies want to join in the ship fund. So we have a new sponsor. This is the one um this is a uh AI product thinker and sort of vibe coding tool and uh they wanted to join the the shipkit fund. So this one is similar to the last one we just did. Uh it's you don't need like a specific code. This one will just work for everybody. So, if you enter the code ship021, uh, whenever you sign up, you'll get one month free. So, definitely check them out. All right, let's get into 11 Labs. So, I have uh I have a bunch of questions. Um, I'm sure our audience as we talk will will be peppering us with even more questions, but to start, give us the overview like what is 11 Labs? >> Yes. So 11 Labs is broadly you know both a research uh as well as development company for everything AI audio. So we're specializing on building models that can generate anything audio and you know obviously speech is kind of a big part of that. So we're um building models that can generate kind of the most expressive humanlike speech. Uh but then also we're um working on you know sound effects uh music. So we recently launched our uh music model which is an industry first in that it's only trained on fully licensed data. So we've worked with the music industry with our label partners to license the training data for the model. um which also means that any music that you generate with this model um you can use commercially in your applications which which is really cool. So um uh we'll we'll talk about that a little bit more but yeah so broadly um speaking anything that is kind of audio um we want to generate with with AI and so we're building these models so we we're both a research company so we have a big uh research team that is focused on um you know building and training these models uh and then we're also a deployment company so we take these models and we deploy them for you know your applications to be used and so I personally work on the developer platform uh so making sure that you can use this in your mobile applications in your web applications wherever you're building as a developer um and kind of build you know great uh conversational agents so you know agents that you can talk to uh build applications you know that can generate music can generate sound effects um whatever you might want to Cool. And I you already kind of touched on it, but I wanted to make sure that there was time. So like this week you just announced uh 11 is it 11 music? Is that the official term? 11 Labs music. >> Yeah. I mean the model we call 11 music. >> Yeah. >> And this is both a like product where you can go in like kind of like you shared uh the the jingle AI maker. Um, it's a tool you can use to, you know, create them on the web, but it's also an API, right, where developers can integrate this into their apps. >> Yes, correct. So, um, yeah, just this week we opened up the API for for everyone. So, you can integrate this into your application. Um, there's kind of two modes. Um, well, actually sort of three modes. Uh, one is sort of composing music just from a text prompt. Um, so using a text prompt you can just describe. So for example, Cuban uh, jazz jingle and then you can put in kind of the the milliseconds that you want to generate this music. Um, so if you want kind of 10 seconds, you know, that's I think 10,000 milliseconds. Um, and then it it basically just goes and oneshots that kind of composition. Uh but you can also go through what we call a composition plan. So from your text prompt um you first generate a composition plan that basically gives you kind of the intro um outro bridge um lyrics and kind of all these things. Uh and then you can edit the composition plan to kind of you know fit more sort of what you're looking to do and then you can compose the music. Um and then lastly you can um also use the streaming uh functionality um where you you know basically if you generate kind of a longer set of music um you might want to use the streaming feature where basically as soon as you kind of have the first um you know token sound tokens ready within the music uh you can go and and stream that off in your application. Um yeah, and so these APIs are now launched and so the jingle maker that we've shown is one example of an application that you can build on top of this API. Um actually, uh Beto from the Expo team, he's built a mindfulness app. Um and so if you're, you know, building something with meditation, uh as well, you might want some some background music, something very mellow. um or you know if you're kind of building a productivity app you might want to generate some um music kind of based on the task you know that someone wants to do. So I think there is some some really cool apps that people can build on on top of this >> and like the thing that's unique which this is with most of these AI tools is that it can be unique per person. Um and that that is like something we've never really had or dynamic in some way. Uh, and that's yeah, super exciting. I I actually make my like side indie app is a uh ambient noise generator. Um, nice. >> And so this has been a area that I've been paying very close attention to for a while, which is why when this announcement went out Monday, uh, >> I I lost it. And what was funny is it took me a minute to remember that I was talking to you today and then I got even more excited. Uh, so very excited uh to get into that a little bit more. Uh and then the other thing you all announced I believe also on Monday is the new version of your overall API. Can you explain what like V3 is? >> Yeah, so it's it's a new um texttospech model. Uh so it's our newest kind of state-of-the-art um speech model that works across 77 languages. Um so I think that is kind of the the thing to remember here is um you know making a model that can speak English is kind of one thing but then there's a lot of different languages out there in the world and we know you know a lot of the participants um speak a lot of different languages. Uh if we look at India I think India alone has 50 plus languages across you know kind of the entire entirety of India which is incredible. Um and so really kind of building this u multilingual model um which can also kind of built in sort of expressions. So, as you can see here with kind of these tags in the brackets, um you can actually instruct the um kind of the model to basically act out um in a way. It's almost kind of like a director's mode where you can sort of instruct it to whisper or um you know, laughing. So, you can actually put sound effects in those brackets as well. um where you know the example of like the British football commentator where you have like a crowd cheering in the background like a full stadium cheering in the background. Um so you can actually mix that in and and so you can see that now kind of these models are actually sort of blending together. Um the same with kind of the music model because you can actually generate music with um lyrics, right? Um, so in your prompt you can actually put the lyrics as well. Uh, so for example, um, you know, if with with the jingle maker, we actually scrape the website that you put in, um, and basically then, um, let kind of an LLM write some lyrics for the song um, and then basically generate uh, the song with those lyrics. And so you can see, >> is that how you did the the shipon one? All you gave it was the website. >> The website URL. That's it. Oh wow. Okay. I thought you were like bringing more of that in in your prompt. >> No. Um so well so basically yeah the the what the micro site the jingle maker um micro site which uh Joe on the team has built like super quickly. It's it's amazing. Um, and it basically just uses um kind of a crawling website crawling uh looks at kind of the content uh feeds that into an LLM to generate the lyrics with that fire rhyme at the end with with Revenue Cat. Um, and actually, yeah, probably you should try it. Just put the Revenue Cat website into the Jingle Maker and see kind of what what comes out. >> Okay, I can Let's see. I can try that now. We can let it churn. I don't know how long it takes >> exactly. Yeah. >> Let's see. >> But we can do it in the background. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let me do that. >> See if I can share. All right. I think this is sharing. >> Yeah. >> That page, right? Okay. So, I go to new song and all I do is I can just put in revenuecat.com. >> Yeah. And then you can decide your style. Midwest farmer. >> Midwest farmer. 100%. Our our uh CEO is from for sales, Ohio. So I think that's uh >> there we go. >> That's good. >> All right. So we'll let that >> we'll let that uh this is this is the brand safe content that you you come to live streams for. >> Uh >> this should be this should be good. >> Nice. >> All right. So um >> yeah. So yeah, that's really cool. Basically, I think what you can see here is that these models are now kind of starting to blend together where um the models aren't exclusively generating speech, uh but rather, you know, with kind of the sound effects and the music and the the voice sort of bringing that all together. Um we're getting kind of to this um more sort of omni model uh that can basically generate kind of any sort of audio um that that you needed to. Um but yeah, for now it's basically still somewhat separate, although you can see kind of it blending together. So 11v3 is kind of the newest speech model. So if you want to generate speech, um and what's new as well now, you can generate dialogues. Um so you can actually input kind of a a JSON array of different voice IDs. Um and it will actually generate a dialogue kind of like a podcast, you know. So you can actually now very easily build like your own sort of notebook LM podcast generator. >> That's what I was thinking of. you just generate kind of the different um yeah voices, different uh voice ids and then you can have a dialogue with like laughing, pausing um kind of really sort of make it very human, you know, like we're we're kind of doing who knows maybe this is actually generated um and we're not actually here on the live stream rather we're sitting in the Midwest >> an elaborate uh yeah plot. Uh all right, let's see. It looks like it finished. So, uh, that was surprisingly quick. Uh, let's give this a listen. [Music] [Applause] >> Lines of flow smooth as rain backing worries fade out on these planes. Everything's in tune with revenue. One place to manage every single sign. Segmentation, testing, revenue shines. All roads lead home to revenue care. [Music] >> Fantastic. That's amazing. That's really interesting. Uh, so I think this already goes to show that even this app, which you probably put together or it sounds like somebody on your team put together pretty quickly to show it off. It's not just like okay well we're just wrapping a music generation LLM thing. It's like it is extend it's using it as the foundation but it's already got some extra smarts which is going and fetching a website and you're you're building a whole concept um that's more than just the the technology underneath. >> Yeah. It's kind of the idea is sort of just inspire people to like show them sort of you know these are the things you can now build with with these APIs. Um and I think that's something yeah the team here does really well is um you know obviously the 11laps app kind of allows you to get started really quickly even you know without any code um and kind of start generating things um so that's where sort of 11 laps got really successful but then you know we also want you to be able to leverage these tools within your um apps and so we have the the APIs and the SDKs uh we just shipped our new React Native SDK for um conversational AI. So that's what BTO uh was using in his tutorial there to create a mindfulness agent. Um we shipped the Swift SDK as well with some um Swift uh voice components also. So if you're building native iOS apps and then we're work working on the the Cotlin Android SDK as well. >> Nice. Sweet. Uh so I already see a bunch of questions are coming in. Um, but please keep them coming and we're I think the rest of this is going to be pretty conversational and we're just going to play around. Uh, and I have the tool up. Uh, I've used I haven't mentioned it yet, but um, in your ship kit if you've registered for the shipon uh, you they generously 11 Labs has given uh, you three months of the creative plan. Creative is that creator plan >> in creators tier. Yeah. >> Yeah. And so that's what I've signed up with uh and I've been playing around and so you all can start playing around right now. So please ask questions and I can poke around and we can try some things out live. Um the first one in here that's kind of re relevant to what we were just doing uh is Kang asks what is the maximum length of lyrics that the model supports. >> That is a good question. I think probably in the API reference there might be um there might be a max length. I think right now it's >> 5 minutes. Um so like as long Yeah. for music. So as long as you can find kind of sort of >> Yeah, I think the max length of piece of music that you can generate at the moment is kind of five minutes. Um, and so I mean depending on like how Eminem style you go, how quickly you wrap the the lyrics, you can probably fit in um quite quite a lot there. >> Uh, and then Brandon asked, he said, "Sorry if you've already answered this question or cover this. I don't think we have. Um, what's the difference between the creative platform and the conversational AI platform?" >> Yeah. So we probably should talk about the the the conversational AI. So conversational AI is our platform for building voice agents. Um actually the agent platform as well supports kind of text mode. So you can actually mix text and and and voice. So for example you know voice is is a fantastic interface for you know conveying a lot of information fairly quickly. We can actually speak a lot faster than uh we can type right. But then in certain scenarios actually like have you ever dictated an email address to someone over the phone? That's like the most annoying thing especially if your name is very complicated and uh long. Um and so you you know uh so for things like you know when you need to send an email address it's actually quite helpful to be able to to type it into a text box. Um and so basically what we've done is we kind of put all our you know technology and expertise together to give you kind of the easiest platform to build um fully real time conversational agents. Uh and so you know there's a lot of use cases um you know support use case uh you can do outbound calling. So if you you know have kind of a a a business and you you know like outbound sales agents you have a list of numbers and you want to sort of classify you know um collect some information so call them up. So you can actually initiate calls for example um with these agents to basically call a list of numbers uh and collect some information. So we've built kind of data analysis into this platform as well. So basically you can ask some questions and then actually extract that information kind of in a structured manner. So we we send you a web hook and then you could write that into like an Excel sheet and you know for example what what have you. Um and so really these components of building conversational um agents are quite complex. um especially you know things like turn taking kind of background noise cancellation echo cancellation there's a lot if you've worked with like web RTC kind of real time um communication uh there's a lot that goes into that and so you know if you're building voice agents you generally need kind of all of that baseline and so we've just built that as a platform um where you can actually fairly easily configure kind of your initial agent um and then just use the SDKs to basically get the real-time web RTC communication um built into your app. Um and so yes, the creative platform I think you can think a little bit about it sort of like creative platform if you're generating kind of static assets, right? Um, for example, a a song you generate it once, but then you might play it to a lot of different users, right? Um, but that's what we kind of consider a static file. You would sort of generate it once and then maybe upload it to like an, you know, S3 or R2 or what, you know, some some cheap bucket where you can serve it via CDN. Um so generally the creative platform is where you kind of generate these um static assets that you then use kind of in your application in your games in you know what have you. Whereas kind of the um conversational platform uh is basically where you have that real time interactive agentic um side of things. So that's why we kind of split out these these platforms into kind of two separate um Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. I I had one of my questions I had actually was like when I looked at this, I see creative platform is kind of the uh the fun creative you're generate a bunch of like music or narrations or sound effects or whatever. And then the agents platform is more the like call center. It's big company enterprise kind of thing. But I feel like there's probably use cases that that could make sense for smaller developers as well for that, right? Are there are there some like unlocks or or different interesting ways you've seen people use the agents platform on the sort of smaller scale side? >> Yeah. Um I mean that there there's a lot of different different interesting use cases. Um I think like the support kind of sales use cases are sort of the the bigger ones. Um, which to be honest, I know people who are indies who blow up and the first, the first problem they have, the first person they ever have to hire is somebody to help deal with support. Um, and so if you, you know, if you want to stay small, one way you can do that is to try and automate that. And a very very like effective way to automate that is uh is to build a platform that lets these AI agents at least start the support for you and you can feed it all of your docs and everything. Correct. Exactly. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So you can kind of put in the information. You can give it a bit of a personality as well. Um which is really cool. There's there's one example actually um QB which is a robot barista um with a bit of a personality. So, actually a friend of mine in uh Taiwan, actually in in in uh Gausong in the south, um he's built this fully autonomous co-working space. Um and so QB is the the robot barista as well as kind of receptionist um for this co-working space because it's fully autonomous 247. Uh you can go there, it basically facial recognition. you go in h and then the this robot arm arm kind of barista, you know, it it it knows your face, it knows your name and so it it says like, "Oh, hey, welcome back, Thor. Nice like hat you're wearing." Um, and so it's like almost kind of um he gave it kind of this Deadpool sort of persona. >> Ah, okay. So it makes like stupid jokes and kind of just like rambles about things and so it has like a real personality um which is which is really cool and that is something that you can encode into kind of this agentic conversational >> um platform. Another example I really like that um in in Singapore so in Singapore they have this hackathon is called built for good. Um it's by kind of GFE which is the Singapore government sort of technology um agency and they organized this hackathon to kind of encourage people to build applications that um aren't necessarily commercial but for kind of the the society's broader good. It's called built for good. It's it's a really cool initiative. Um and so one of the um projects in this cohort, they've built kind of this calling assistant for um basically deaf um people, right? Because if you're deaf, making um a phone call is is very challenging. Um and so basically it's um this uh this app where you can initiate a phone call to a number uh and then basically the agent handles the phone call for you and you can steer it with kind of text prompt. uh yeah >> to sort of manage the conversation. So, you know, if you need to call the doctor um but you can't hear uh right the the it makes it so much more challenging. Um and so that I thought was a very very interesting use case where you can actually now kind of use the agent to make the call for you. um and and you know kind of empower you rather than sort of maybe having to ask a family member or a friend to kind of make the call for you. You can now just spin up an agent to um handle that call for you. And I think that is some some really cool use cases. >> Yeah, that's awesome. That's like the perfect example too of like uh a small kind of nonprofit group isn't going to be able to build all the pieces to make that possible, but you can build on top of this platform and your team's massive, you know, research uh arm to to enable something like this. So that yeah, that's super cool. Uh >> yeah, >> let's see. So I see um Ady asks, "Do you have an API for your voice analyzer to analyze tone, inflection, pitch, rhythm, and emotional context?" And then for me, you have a voice analyzer. >> Um I don't think so. No. So we don't we don't have that at the at the moment. >> Um I'm not entirely sure what they are referring to with kind of the voice analyzer. Um so >> I mean you have voice changer uh but most of it's about the generation of the voice right. >> Yeah. So we we have voice we have voice design as well which is quite interesting because you can generate a voice from a text prompt. Um, so if you want to, you know, design a specific persona or character, um, for for your, you know, application, and I think actually that's that's what we're going to see in the future where you actually voice is going to be such a central kind of user interface for your app, um, that you actually want to build kind of a a persona um, you know, sort of like Charlie is kind of a persona for Revenue Cat in Shippeton. you you actually want to design kind of an um a voice that people are excited to talk to uh you know so so like basically rather than like oh I have to do my taxes again it's like such a drag you know imagine you could talk to like the IRS um and it would have like a delightful voice that's helpful and you can just like jam and you know talk to it you're like yeah I have to do my taxes again this year yay you know so um And you also you have the voice designer, you also have a voice cloner, right? >> Yeah, correct. But um to answer the question, so at the moment you can't um analyze kind of the the the voice, the tone or like detect sarcasm for example in in that. So that is something that we're working on with um and there's kind of a benefit with um the full duplex models. So if you're going sound token to sound token without going through text um so right now with the Aentic platform everything is going through um text. So it goes speech to text then through an LLM and then text to speech. Um and it's it's very good. It's very optimized. Um so like the latency is incredibly low. It's it's very well kind of optimized on the platform. Uh and there is certain benefits with that especially at scale. it becomes a lot easier to monitor to like understand okay what is you know what is going on kind of within the call where is like tool calling falling down um and so the monitoring of these agents at scale is a lot easier when you're going through text um however you know things like sort of this this this like sarcasm or something that might get lost in translation in in kind of that use case and so we're also working on kind of these cool duplex models where >> it then actually kind of understands oh you know that person is sad um or you know oh this was sarcasm so and then the model can actually like laugh like while the other person is speaking at the same time so it becomes a lot more humanlike in conversational so pros pros and cons to kind of both approaches um we're exploring all of them um but yeah at the moment with the agentic platform it it goes through text. >> That's cool. And you you mentioned earlier the voice designer and I brought up the fact that there's a voice cloner as well. And I brought that up because uh right before we recorded this, I decided I was going to try that. And I went through the surprisingly long like I read a whole bunch of uh scripts that you all generated and like like literally as we were prepping to get ready for this uh >> I got the notification that my voice is ready. So we could actually just try it right now. >> Yeah. >> And see and see what it sounds like. >> Uh so this I believe >> I opened this correctly. This is where I can type out something for it to say. And you can see my voice is the voice of Charlie Chapman. Uh I guess you can change the speed. What is stability? Um well it basically just means sort of like how um you can you can hover over uh I think there's like a description if you if you click on it. Um but it's it's basically sort of how yeah how consistent it keeps it kind of >> throughout different generations. >> Okay. Okay, let's let's do like a lower amount here. Make it very similar to my voice, I guess. Style exaggeration. So, can I define a style for it to say it in? >> No. Well, basically it just kind of defines of like um how much sort of freedom you want to give the model to like exaggerate kind of the speech versus sort of like keep it very close to kind of what you um you know, how you would say it. >> All right. And then let's say like I'm Charlie Chapman. Let's do your taxes. Uh because like you said, that's a very exciting thing. Is there something? Should I >> Now, this is using the V2. I think that's the one that actually is ready. >> Uh so I can't >> You could try V3. >> Yeah. So this one doesn't do the tags, but you can just um switch it to V3. So I can So what can I put in here? Laughing was that one? >> Yeah, you could do laughing. Uh crying, shouting. Um but now the voice uh it it kind of selected pre-selected some voice there. I think you might need to change it at the top left. >> Oh, change it to me. Okay. There we go. >> Yeah. >> All right. And then so it'll laugh at the end. >> Yeah. >> All right. Let's just see what this does. Uh, I don't know how long this is going to take either. Um, while that is >> Oh, we can't I don't think we can hear it. Can we hear? >> Oh, you can't hear it. Okay. Well, >> yeah, >> that was a uh failed experiment then. Anyway, all right. I won't distract us with that anymore because we do have a lot of questions coming in. Uh, so let's go back in here. Um, Mini B says, "I'm building something for neurodeiverse kids. Does 11 L abs labs offer voice customizations like adjustable speech pace or tone for users with ADHD, autism or other processing differences? Yeah. So actually in that interface you can you can show there is um a speed um parameter as well. So you can slow down or speed up um the generation uh actually on on a per sort of Yeah. per sentence or um >> Oh, like you can highlight a specific area. >> Yeah. I mean, so you can in the voice design. So I think there's kind of two things that you can combine here. So in the voice design, you can actually when you prompt um a voice to be generated, you can specifically encode the pace to be kind of a slow speaking, very clear um voice. And so you can basically encode it into the car characteristic of the voice itself when you design it. But then also you can use the speed setting uh on a per generation ba uh basis to slow it down even more if you wanted to. So I think there's kind of these two parameters that you can use um for for this. Yeah. >> So this is the voice designer right here. >> Correct. Yeah. >> Very cool. Oh, that's crazy. So yeah, so you could build something that's specifically um that's specifically for uh not just generally ADHD or uh neurode divergent, but you can even target specific uh areas that people struggle with. >> Yeah. Yeah. And I mean you could you could design a voice for like every user um right like every user theoretically in your app could have >> their own voice um you know that they prefer to listen to >> um something. >> Is there an API for creating the voices then? >> Yeah. Yeah. All all of this is also available through through the API. Yeah. Oh, well like the voices are available through the API, but can you create a voice through the API? >> Yeah, the voice design you can have as part of your onboarding a >> series of questions that feed into a custom voice just for that specific person. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Wow. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Oh, that's kind of crazy. Um, all right, so let's move on to another question here. Um, Mantis asks, "What's the best way to generate sound effects with 11 Labs for animations, transitions, and button clicks to be used in an Android app?" >> Yeah, I think so. We have a sound effects model as well. Um, and so again, this is something where probably these are static generations. So basically you would generate um these sound effects once uh and then you would pull them in as static assets. I either you would ship them directly with the app, you know, if if if the files are small enough. Uh you can probably just ship them as static assets in the app or alternatively you can put them on a on a CDN um you know your Cloudflare, your Superbase, your what what have you uh and then kind of pull them in at at runtime. And I think this maybe is a good time to ask the question about uh licensing like how does the how does the commercial rights work? Yeah. So I think that's that's a great thing here. Anything that you generate um you know as long as you're on I believe a paid account or actually even the free account. So anything that you generate on your account you have the rights to use commercially. Um so that includes your sound effects, that includes um music even um you know the speech. So anything that you generate on your account you have the rights to use. Um and so I think that is that is a big factor here which you know really makes this such a great tool. Um, especially for indie hackers, indie builders, you know, being able to generate music, generate sound effects that, you know, don't break the bank. Um, that's >> and are unique to your app. >> Yeah. >> Yeah, that's pretty cool. I think I what I remember seeing is that uh there were some attribution requirements for the free version. So if you now if you're using the creator tier that which you get with the if you're a ship participant in the ship kit uh then you have like full uh uh uh whatever the word I'm looking for is licensed to use it. But there were like you had to have specific attribution like somewhere in the app that attributed the sound effects to 11 Labs if you're on the free tier is is what I thought I remember seeing. >> Yeah, I think that that could be correct. >> Okay. Okay. Um, all right, moving on. Uh, what challenges might come up when using 11 Labs AI sound effects in real time animation? Um, I mean, yeah, real time is challenging because just inherently it takes time to generate um the sound effects. So I doubt that you'll be able to do it in full real time just because there is uh latency in in generating the sound effects even you know if you kind of use a streaming mode for um like speech and things um with speech you can get pretty quick. So we have like the flash models um which support a smaller set of languages um but then actually the latency kind of if you're streaming to first token um is is very low and uh we're actually rolling out we additional kind of inference servers in Asia um like I think Singapore, India, Japan um will see kind of especially using the flash model um a lot better latencies but yeah the the full real time use case for sound effects will will be will be challenging. >> And then on that note of real time uh API use, uh Drutch on Discord asks, "How fast is the agent API in real-time use? Like if I wanted to use it in a fastmoving chat app, would it be responsive enough to keep up with quick back and forth messages or is it meant more for slower paced interactions?" >> No, it's very much u meant to be real time. Um I think the the the biggest limiting factor here is how stable is your user's connection. Um now web RTC can handle kind of a lot of that sort of packet loss on mobile. Um so actually in most cases it is pretty good and pretty low um latency. Um but yeah with anything that you build on mobile you're always somewhat restricted by how good is the network. Obviously if they are having a great conversation and they are you know somewhere in the bottom of the ocean on in going through a tunnel it might be challenging right so um yeah I think ultimately it depends on how your application is used u but yes in most cases it is um able to keep up with with a fast-paced conversation. >> Sweet. Um, this one looks a little more technical. Uh, so hopefully you know what some of these acronyms mean because I don't know all of them. But, uh, Timma Timma Lua asks, "Uh, I'm building a native >> that clones a user's voice. One minute to deliver personalized coaching and affirmations. I learned about IVC and PVC. How can I request PVC with only one minute recording for accuracy authentic au authenticity since PVC takes longer to clone? >> So does that make do you know what that means? >> Yeah. Yeah. So so IVC is kind of the instant voice cloning feature. Um so it actually allows you to generate a voice clone with you know just 30 seconds of audio. Um Oh wow. And it it gets fairly fairly close. it's quite accurate. Um, but so the the the PVC is the professional voice clone. Um, in which case we actually kind of need more like 30 minutes to ideally kind of two hours um of kind of high quality recording of your voice. Um, and then what we do is we actually fine-tune the model um, with your voice clone, which kind of actually shifts the weights within the model to really kind of resemble your pacing, your inflection, your kind of, you know, pausing, um, your pitch, your range, kind of all these characteristics that make your voice your voice. Um, in the case of the professional voice clone, um, we actually fine-tune the model and that's that's kind of what takes the the largest chunk of time here. Um, so if you only have kind of one minute minute of recording, um, you should be using the the instant voice cloning feature. Um yeah the professional voice cloning will be you know more in the use cases where like if your users are you know looking to generate audio books in their voice kind of long form um sort of audio content um then you could look at integrating the the professional voice cloning but integrating professional voice cloning is quite a bit more involved from the integration point of view as well. Um, so probably depending on your use case, but I think in most cases, um, if you, you know, want to allow the users to clone their voice kind of within your app, the the instant voice cloning feature will be the way to go. >> Makes sense. Um, and then another one here is, uh, one, are the APIs for sound and music available now? Oh, this is from Kenn Kennedy, by the way. And the answer to that is yes. That's what we talked about at the beginning. And then the second part um and I've seen a couple questions similar is do you have a timeline for Flutter SDK if not available yet? And I've seen the same question for KMP as well. >> What's KMP? >> Uh Cotlin multiplatform. >> Oh yeah yeah yeah. So yes um I didn't know that acronym which probably doesn't give you much hope. No. Uh we are actively working yes on the cotlin um Android SDK um which I guess if it's in Cotlin it's kind of the Cotlin multiplatform hopefully. >> Uh well they are different. >> Oh okay. >> Although it's yeah Cotlin multiplatform is is a uh crossplatform framework. >> You write it in Cotlin and then it can work on iOS and Android. >> Very interesting. I hadn't actually heard of that one. So I'll I'll need to do some research there. Um but yes, Android SDK coming very soon. Um yeah, Flutter SDK, we've we've seen requests for this as well. Um no immediate timeline. We're we're investigating and we're kind of looking how we can um we're actually working with Flutterflow and kind of seeing if we can maybe um put some cash into the the Flutterflow fund to to maybe see if we can um kind of get the the SDK sort of stood up through through that because just internally we don't right now have um kind of the Flutter capacity. So, but yes, we're actively investigating how we can get the the Flutter SDK um working as well. Awesome. And then um I think this will be our last one and then we can wrap up. Uh this one's from Josh Josh uh and he asks, "I was trying to get a transcription but after two to three minutes the Q's are not getting detected. Is there any way to get to set the Q's timestamps? I don't know if that makes sense. cues. Um, I'm not entirely sure what the cues um, okay, that's interesting. I'm not not entirely sure what they are referring to. There might be some audio cues or something. Um, yeah, not entirely sure. Maybe best if you jump into our Discord uh can kind of ask a question there or yeah tag me and I I can follow up um if we can get some more details in there. Uh might be something with like tag audio events or some flag or something. Yeah. >> Yeah. Uh and then one more really quick uh before we wrap up here is from uh Tal Lulua. Uh is the API key on 11 Labs dashboard public or private? I'm asking because I want to know if it's safe to push the app to the app store with our API key. >> No. So the API key is a secret key. Uh I do hope it's prefixed. Yeah, it's prefixed I think with SK um underscore. So your 11laps API key is a secret key. Um you so yeah if you if you look in the docs there's like different authentication strategy. So if you just Google um 11 Labs um you know authentication docs um it'll it'll pull it up for you. So in in most scenarios you will need an API route of some sort. Um so with the conversational agent you kind of need an API route that generates kind of a shortlift token for you to initiate the the session the web RTC session. Um, if you are generating kind of speech, sort of, you know, the creative platform, speech, music, sound effects, you will kind of want to proxy that through an API where, um, you can securely use your your secret key. Sweet. All right, with that, um, thank you so much for joining, uh, everybody. Uh next week I as I mentioned earlier uh I'm going to be during the next webinar on Tuesday I'm actually going to be on a plane on my way to Taiwan and then I'll miss a couple more. So uh my colleagues Matt and Peru are going to be uh filling in and uh running the next few. So those are going to be awesome. I can't wait to uh to tune in slashwatch them on demand depending on where I'm at uh in the world at the time that those come out. So the next one is on Tuesday and it's about uh building crossplatform apps for all the platforms with Expo and React Native. Uh and Peru is an absolute genius at all this stuff. So that one's going to be uh super fun. And with that, I think we can wrap it up. Thank you, Thor, so much. It was nice to meet you in personish. I guess we've been like, you know, social media mutuals for a little while, but uh it's very fun to talk. I can't wait to see you uh in New York hopefully. uh whenever I'm up there for >> for the app growth annual conference that Revenue Cat's doing. And uh until then uh enjoy your time in New York. >> Thank you. Thanks for having me. >> All right. Thanks everybody. Bye.