Uh Stefan, that's uh that's coming your way. Are you updating this year or are you you waiting? >> Well, I I am updating and I'm doing quite a big upgrade. Um >> Oo. >> Like both to the watch and the phone. So like I tomorrow I'll be I'll be hopefully receiving the Apple Watch Ultra 3. Um but since I've been a little bit hesitant on the iPhone, I need to wait a little bit longer. But I am in the terrible situation that the case already shipped. I already have the case here. Um >> Ah, yes. >> Which is like the most first world problem ever. Um but but yeah, like I have this sitting right next to me. Um and the phone will only arrive like probably two weeks from now. So >> Oh, man. Oh, that's that's funny. Uh well, sorry for for you having to wait, but very exciting. Upgrading a watch is always exciting just for me just because you get a new uh longer battery life. That alone is is nice. >> I hope so. Yeah. Like it's been it's been a few years since I've upgraded and I didn't have the Ultra yet. So, I'm I'm very curious to see how it how it turns out. >> So, what did you get then? >> Awesome. >> Uh I have the the AirPods showing up, which uh the new AirPods 3, which these are like my favorite >> digital device basically that's come out in the last I don't know how long. I just love them. Uh, and then I do have the new the new Pro phone uh coming as well because I'm addicted to whatever the best camera I can get. I pretty much will always will always get that. Um, >> I feel you. >> Yeah. All right. So, uh, it looks like people have started trickling in. So, I'm going to go ahead and kick us off here. So today we are going to talk about uh adding video calling into your iOS app in 30 minutes with stream. And this is going to be like this might be the most you know coding of coding uh webinars we've done uh for the shipon so far. I think this is going to be like really like actually diving in and uh and implementing some stuff. So I'm very excited uh to see that. Um so first let's introduce who we are. So I am Charlie Chapman. I'm a developer advocate here at Revenue and the self-proclaimed uh captain of the Shipeton. And uh with me this time is Stefan Blo. Uh and you are a developer advocate at Stream. >> That's correct. Yeah. >> Uh so as usual uh this is live. So the whole point of doing this live is that we can interact with you, you can interact with us. So please, please, please uh right now tell us tell us who you are in the chat if you're in the the livetorm. Um and then as we're going please throw questions in the questions tab if you're in livetorm and then if you're watching on YouTube or Twitter or LinkedIn uh you can join the discord and ask questions there and I'll be monitoring that and bringing them into the show as well. So please uh please do that. It makes these way more interesting, I think, whenever people are engaging and it makes doing them live actually make sense. So, let's go around the world of the shipon and see what's going on there. So, uh the buildin public energy as always has been very exciting. Uh a lot of people have been shipping uh recently as we're getting closer and closer to the end, which is extremely exciting. So, I just wanted to highlight there was a bunch of these, but uh I don't know how to pronounce this. Abib uh Abh Manu uh he said uh he made his first money online for his for his app which is always a really exciting thing. I absolutely love one of my favorite things working here is uh seeing people post screenshots of their notifications as they get notifications that a new trial or a new sale uh just started. That is very cool. The other one that I love is uh Revenue Cat's like billing model is sort of funny in that it's completely free until you make a certain amount of money. And so people will tweet about uh the first bill that they get from Revenue Cat because what that means is that your app has grown to the point where you actually get charged which is a very funny like I've never worked somewhere where people are happily talking about the first time they get charged by you. Uh but that is that is a very fun thing about working here. Uh so very excited to see that. Uh Magnus uh was sharing a like onstart launch animation for his app that just looked um and Bunya is working on uh running experiments and uh testing his different price changes and everything which is really cool to see because that's that's kind of one of the big things with with the shipathon is uh it's not just about shipping but it's about the follow through afterwards and trying to grow the app from there. So exciting to see that. uh as usual go to hashtagshippeton and just be inspired by the crazy amount of content uh you'll see you'll see all over the internet for that and then also uh shipan IRL events are still happening and uh honestly the pace has kind of picked up there's a lot going on so uh in Manila there was an event I think over the weekend uh and they shared some pictures really cool crowd looked like they were having a lot of fun uh also IndieHub in uh Bangalore Bangaluru Uh they had an event. This is actually they've done a couple events in different cities uh throughout the Shipaton and this one looked like the turnout was really really cool. Also selfishly uh I'm looking around this crowd and excited because I'm going to be there actually like a week from today I'll be landing in uh Bangalore for uh Swift Barat. So excited uh to see everybody there and if you are also in Bangalore uh hit me up because I'd love to hang out. And then uh there was an event in London at the Ramen Club uh event space. And if you look in the middle here, can I zoom in? Oh, I can zoom in. Uh you might recognize this face from our last uh webinar. This is Taiwo. He uh has been doing the hashtag buildinpublic thing extremely literally. He's been setting up tables all over London uh and like showing people in real life his app and getting their feedback live and talking through it. It's been very fun watching his uh Twitter account. Uh and he went to the Shipaton event and I think they said that that they used his game as the way to pick winners for the the plushies. Uh which was I don't know it was a exciting uh crossover event I thought uh in that world. And then there are more Shipaton IRL events uh happening. So NS Spain I believe starts today. I don't know time zones are weird but uh there's a bunch of revenue cats in uh in Spain right now and uh so that conference is a great conference but obviously uh there will be lots of shipan uh actually a lot of shipan participants are going to be there as well so uh excited to see that group all getting together uh there's an event in Shennai coming up with nama flutter um and then next Monday there's an event in uh Tai Chong uh with uh the uh university there. All right. So, with that, uh, I'm going to pass it over to you and let you show us how to add video calling into, uh, into your app with Stream. >> Thanks a lot. And first of all, like I just want to quickly quickly mention again that it's it's really fun to see like whenever you open up X or threads or blue sky, whatever it is, and you just see the people who share stuff for Shipaton, it's always like very fun to see because like the excitement really really is um is something that you can you can feel and like you said like it's it's incredible to see what people can build and what they are building like in such a short time. Um, it's it's really cool to see. >> Yeah, it's a fun mixture of this is my first app I've ever made and you know, I've been working on these side apps for a long time, but this is like it gave me the inspiration to finally do this other project that I've wanted to do for a while and it kind of crosses the gamut of people and I don't know, it's I I personally find it very uh inspiring as somebody who who likes doing uh side apps. Uh, I always come out of these with like a new energy for building something. And I already have stuff that once I finally sleep after after this is over, uh, I already have an app that I really really want to get started, which happened to me last year and I released it. So maybe maybe I'll get another app done uh, next year off of the energy from this. >> I'm glad you're optimistic that you will sleep at some point. Um, I'm glad that >> one can only hope. One can only hope. >> Yeah, sure. All right. Uh I want to show you today um what you can do with stream. Uh this is just one example. Um I will I will in the end uh share a bit more about the other stuff that you can do. But today I want to demonstrate how to add video calling to an app. And as Charlie already mentioned I want it to be really hands-on. And so I don't want to show much of marketing material or anything. I just want to show an app because I haven't told this to Joey or anybody but I actually wanted to participate in the shipon and I created a new app and it's called shopon and um we can we can take a look at it here on the on the right here in the preview um but basically it's a it's an app to ship used goods um and sell it to other people who are interested um you can see a list of of items here Um, you can actually sell stuff. So, you can add your own stuff here and share this with others. Um, you can see the inbox here. You can chat with people. It's not optimal yet, you know? There's there's contrast issues. Um, and like who would who would ship an update with contrast issues, right? Nobody would. >> Nobody would ever do that. >> No, of course not. But yeah, you can explore this and once you have decided that something could look interesting, you could for example take a look here. You can see the details, but you can't really get in contact with anybody. So there's this button that says talk to sellar, but yeah, it's not really filled out yet. So there's not much we can do yet. But for this, I want to have a calling feature where I can actually talk to someone or I can discuss with the person who's selling this. um if I can if I can get this and this is what we'll build today. Um and we will use the stream SDK for this and well to to actually do this of course we need to first add the SDK. Uh so we can go to add the package dependencies and to actually find this I can actually google stream video swift and what we will see here is the first result is the github repo and cool thing is everything here is open source so you can take a look at all the code and this is the same for all our SDKs so it's both for swift it's for Android it's for flutter it's react uh a lot of platforms and everything's open source. You can always take a look. There's been a few commits already, but and there's going to be more coming. So, it's quite cool to to I think to watch this and see everything and be able to dive into the code if necessary. But what I will do is I will just copy this for now and switch back to Xcode. I can add the URL here and add this package. And like I said, it's it's quite convenient. So, we can we can take a look at all the code. We don't need this for now, but we actually want to add the stream video package, which is the client, which I will talk about later, and then the swift UI package. I don't need the UI kit one, so I can disable this. All right, with this done, I first while this is being added, I need to add two permissions to the app before I forget this. And I can do this in the info.p file. And the two things that we need here is first the access to the camera. So we need a string for the camera usage description. Uh let's do just a small text here. It could be could be better of course but that should be fine for now. And then we also need to >> actually show whenever uh iOS prompts them for camera permissions, right? Is that message? >> Exactly. Yeah. So like it it should be something that's meaningful um or even or at least more meaningful than what I have added here. Um yeah so in order to do calling we need access to the microphone for example right so this is just so that whenever users will start this for the first time they will be prompted to give us access to the camera and the microphone because this is what we need to add video calling right and so um with this we have like the setup done and we have added the dependency here. Um, and we can now initialize the project. But in order to initialize this, we actually first need a project. And for this, we can go to the browser again and we can go to dashboard.getstream.io and we can actually sign up. And let me quickly share a link in the chat here. So like there's there's a free sign up um that you can use. I will add this in the chat and I will also share it on on socials later on. So >> with that you can basically register for free um and like test out things. Uh there's quite a generous free tier. So if you if you're doing something like a shipton project, you have a hard time um actually actually breaking the free tier. I I can guarantee. And what we can do now is we can create a new app. Um, we can select storage locations, which in the best case we do as close as possible to our users, but it's not crazy important, but it's just like for getting ideal um ideal connection times, so it makes sense. I already created one for this project. And I can see here all the SDKs that are being offered. Um, I have my API key, which I will copy here because that's what I need in a second. But this is where we can do all kinds of things. I don't want to go into too much detail because that would break the scope. But there's tons of things you can do here. Okay. But we have copied the API key for now. So we can switch back uh to our app. And first we need to import the stream packages. There's the client as well as the Swift UI package which offers some UI components that we will need later on. And the first thing we do is we add a add a state property here for the stream client which is going to be a stream video object. And we need to initialize this. So let's add a init function here. And first in order to connect to the SDK we need a user object. And this is a stream object. And this requires a few things. So first it will require an ID. Let's take let's take me as an example and we can also add a name which will also be mine and we can then just initialize the object. So we can say the stream client is a stream video object and we already see the autocomplete here. And now we need three things. The first thing is an API key which I luckily just copied. So I have this already. Then I need a user which is the one that I just created. And then I need a user token. And for this I would usually require a server. So in order to have proper user handling we need a very simple server that handles hands out token. So basically it's JSON web tokens. So JWTs. Um I only have limited time here. So I will use a convenient tool which is called the user JWT generator that you can find in our in our docs. And I need to add the secret of my app which I can get from here and the ID of the user which is this one. And then I can just copy this which I can use. Now of course I should be careful with this because this is a token that never expires. Uh so in a production app I should not be using this. Um but here it's fine because I just want to quickly demonstrate how things work. But in a proper production ready app I would need to have some server handling of users. So registering them and handing out tokens using the server. There is also ways around this. So for example, we have for Firebase, we have some extensions that will give you proper user handling and hand out tokens. So you don't have to implement anything, but otherwise you need to have a small little server that does that. >> And one quick question that popped up in the chat is does this integrate with Cotlin as well? >> Yeah, definitely. Yes. So we have like an SDK that is um optimized for Cotlin. we have um everything for Android running basically the same as Android. So I think we have feature parity quite um quite close to uh to ideal over the SDKs as of now. >> Awesome. >> Cool. So with this the initialization is done. So now I can take a look at the listing detail view which is the code that shows a product. Um and if the preview shows um we we can actually take a look at this. And here's the talk to seller button that will open up this sheet. And we can see inside it has this text that I have here that I now want to replace with well actual actual logic. And for this I will have a new folder here which is called calling. It's empty for now. So let's add a view here. And let's call this call view. And inside this call view um we want to first hand in an object which is called listing. And this is just one of the objects that someone is shipping. So it's just the the model object that I have here with ids, title, pricing and and all of that. And in order to work with the preview, we need to hand in one object here. And luckily I'm always whenever I create model objects I'm always creating an extension for them giving it a preview static variable that I can always use in my previews which is just very convenient. So whenever I do this I can just use this and it gives me like the option to easily work with previews which I really like. All right so this works. We don't have UI yet, but let's first actually integrate this here. So, let's replace the text here with a call view. And for the listing, we have this listing object that the detail view has. So, at the top here, the listing will be handed in. And we just um hand this over to the call view. All right. With this, the logic here is done. So, we need to actually switch back to the call view. And I close the sidebar again. And we can now start with the integration here. And let's first again let's import the stream video and the stream video swift UI packages because we will need to use those. All right. Um so first we need access to the stream object. So the stream video object that we initialized earlier. Um but we don't want to manually hand this down. So we offer a nice um little convenience thing h and that's called the injected property wrapper here and here we can actually define the stream or we can can actually access the stream video object just using this property wrapper here and like this we will have access to the stream video object which is quite convenient. Uh and the second thing we need to actually access the um everything we want for the the call and the logic. Uh we add a state property here. Uh and that is a call view model. And this is again a object in from the stream SDK. And by initializing this we get all kinds of access to this logic that we need in order to handle calls. So this these two lines um while not looking like much they give us access to all the things we need to handle the logic of our calling and to access everything else. So it's quite it's quite cool. All right. I I want to have a base UI here. So let's add a vstack here first. And then I I'll copy over some code because this is not really relevant. It's just some nice looking um thing. And I'm using the dismiss function here. So I need to actually import the environment here for dismissing the view. So I'm opening this in a sheet. And in order to close the sheet, uh I need access to the dismiss function that I can get through the environment. And once this has finished, we can see it's just showing a very simple UI with the seller here. All right. Um, so this looks okay. But now I want to actually add the the logic here. So the code to actually start a call. And we don't really need to implement much for a calling feature because all we need to do is to add a modifier here. Uh and this modifier is called call modifier and we can see it receives a view model which is going to be the call view model which conveniently is what we have actually added at the top here. So just using this we have everything we need but we're not starting the call yet. So we need to have a button to start this. So let's add this button. I'll add the logic in a second. Let's just do some very simple UI here. And let's call it start call. And I can give it an image. Let's do phone. And yeah, this looks okay. Um, but I want to have it uh in the liquid glass look. So let's do it glass prominent so that we actually see this um in color and add some padding that it looks nice. All right. So we have the button we can click it but nothing happens of course because we haven't implemented any logic yet. But through the things that we implement or that we inject here. So we have access to stream view and the call view model. It becomes really easy to initialize a call and we can use the call view model here and simply use the start call function. And we need to have three parameters here. The first is going to be a call type. Uh we'll use default. Um and what this does is we have a few built-in types. uh and these are for different use cases. So the default one is just for a regular video calling app. We also have ones for audio calls. So if you want to simply use audio then per default the video will be disabled and it will be optimized for audio quality. There's also live stream options um and other ones and you can actually do custom ones um that you can create inside the dashboard which you can then optimize for your use case. So you can do for example permissions um where you could have like moderators have access to certain features that others don't and it's it's quite fine grained so you can dive really deep into it but I think the the default ones that we have are quite sufficient for most of the use cases >> where how do you know what string to put in here? Is there a doc that shows what the different default call types or not default but call types that you have built in? And then I'm presuming it's a string because you can make your own custom ones then like you just said. >> Sure. So if you look at the at the documentation um we have call types here. Let me quickly check it's oh it's we're in the chat docs here. So if we go to let me see call types we have guides here. I mean this is the react documentation but it's similar across the SDK. So, we have the default type and like I said, this is for simple one-on-one calls or for larger group video calling, which is perfect for us. We have audio rooms, live stream or development for for like very generous >> and those are the lit literal strings that you put in. >> Yes, exactly right. >> Cool. >> That's the literal strings. We thought about enums, but if you want to extend them, it becomes a little bit more >> Yeah. >> um difficult to extend this. So having having raw strings is is fine for now. But like I said, you can also customize this. All right. So we have the call type defined. Now we need to have a call ID. Um it would make sense probably to use something like the ID of the product. Here I just created this one. Um it's just a random string. So you could probably like improve this and have a better better call ID in a real app, but for now that's fine. And then you have an array of members. So you could initialize this with only a certain group of people. I don't really need this because I will be part of this call and I will show you how two people inside the same call look as well. But at least um the the members can be empty or like I said if I want to have only certain people inside that call I could also add an array here. And so this is actually all we need um because for now I can actually hit the start call button and I'm actually joining a call. So you can see the runtime here at the top. Um I can mute or unmute myself which is not working actually in the uh in the preview here. Um so I could also run this in a simulator. Um and there at least microphone will work. So let's quickly >> the new simulator the new simulator in Xcode 26 lets you do the camera right? Am I remembering that correctly? >> I actually haven't tried this. >> Okay. Yeah. Um, >> I I could be wrong cuz none of my apps use the camera. So, uh, but I I thought I remember seeing that and everybody being very excited, but I I might be I might be mistaken on that. >> Now that you're saying it, I Yeah, maybe. I'm not sure. But at least I can navigate here. I can now start the call. And you can see there's two people in there. I can mute myself now. Um, and see this. We don't see the camera. Um, and that's too bad. But let's let's actually close this. Um, and I I do have um the same app on my phone as well. So, let me let me join from there. >> Um, so let's join here and let's start the call here. And you can now see me joining here. And I can even create the infinite mirror here. So yeah, >> so you you're running it on your phone and on the simulator >> and you've joined the same call on both because that meeting ID is the same. >> Exactly. >> Yeah, >> makes sense. >> So exactly. So um so yeah, we can see this works works quite well. Um and we can have all the logic that that we wanted. Um now this would be enough right? So um with this I have a proper calling setup. Um, but I wanted to do one more thing because um, while it's it works um, for projects like Shipon, you want to have custom UI, right? You want to build your own apps, you want to make them look like you want. And so this what we're seeing are all the default or the all the default um UI components that we are shipping um which are usable in a production app but you probably want to customize them. And I want to quickly demonstrate how this works. And for this let me open up the um the website again. Um because you can you can check our docs here. So you can go to developers and video and audio and you can scroll down and you see all the SDKs that we have and let's look at the iOS and Swift ones and there's tutorials for all the things that you can do. Um there's a quick start and guides for all the things. Um and there's also customization options here. So you can do UI components might be that's small, right? So let me make this a little bit bigger. And there's an overview here. You can do theming. So for example, you can just switch colors quite easily. Um but I think the more interesting thing is view customizations. Uh because this is where you can actually replace views from the custom ones that we shipping to the ones that you want. And we're using a principle called view factory here. And I will show you in a second how this looks. But um but basically it's a class that you define and you can override certain functions because the view factory is something that we're shipping with our SDK and then you can override the things that you want to customize. And so for example, you could override the outgoing call view or you could override the um the incoming call view and then only this component will change and the rest will still use the custom ones that we're shipping or the built-in ones that we're shipping um so that you can customize what you want but also still use the ones that you don't want to touch and that you are happy with from the built-in ones. All right. Uh to do this, let's switch back to our app and let's add a view factory. So we can add a new file here. Make it a Swift file. We can call it custom view factory. And let's import Swift UI. Let's import our SDKs if I can type correctly. Then we have a class call it custom view factory and we inherit from the view factory from our SDK and I can leave this empty for now um because this I'm not overwriting anything. So with that I would still use all the built-in components that are shipping with our SDK. Um and the way I can use this now is um whenever I have a whenever I customize the the options here I can add to the call modifier here. I have the view model already. Um but I can actually add a second one here and this is called the view factory. Right? So when I add one here which is going to be my custom view factory this is all I need to do. And now all the components that I'm overriding from my in my inside my view factory here will be taken uh and used instead of the built-in components. And so I want to make a quick example of one component here. So let's create a new swift UI view. And I want to change the call controls. So let's call this custom controls view. And this is where I will I will um I will use all of this. So inside here I now want to have the options to mute or and unmute myself inside a call and I want the option to disable and enable the camera again. For this I will need access to the call view model. So let's first add an observed object here. Uh and use the call view model for this which I'm not importing yet. So let's import the stream video and the stream video swift UI packages and this will build now. I need to add this of course in the preview so that everything will work here. And how I can initialize this now is inside here I can now start typing make and I will see all the things that I can override >> quite a few options. Um and with autocomplete I'm getting all the options that I have and of course um like I said the docs are having examples for all of these things. So you can you can customize everything you want. And um for now I want to have the make call controls view thing that I'm overriding. I need to return um some view which is just swift UI um that requires that to happen. And um for all the Swift UI nerds here, um not sure about Charlie, but um uh we're not using any view here under the hood to to actually um >> feature this, but we're using generics, which makes the whole thing quite quite efficient um and quite performant. So um whenever you swap out these and here we can now do a custom controls view and conveniently we're getting the view model here that we can now um inject into our view. And so with that um it will automatically use our custom controls view that well we haven't really implemented yet but we'll do that now. Um, and so we have the call view model that we need to do some customizations here. And then I I want to have a a button here which is like a settings button that will transform into the microphone and the camera buttons to enable disable microphone and camera because I have seen a very cool um liquid glass effect on Twitter that I want to recreate here. So um let's do this and for that I want to have basically two states. Um we have an expanded and a non-expanded state and let's make this false for now. Uh and in order to do this cool liquid glass effect that I mentioned um I also need a name space. Um so let's create this as well. All right. Um like I said I I want to do a cool cool effect. So let's first wrap everything in a glass effect container and then I want to have a simple horizontal stack where I have three buttons. Um I want to start with the settings button. So let's create a button. The UI um is what I'll first do and I'll add the logic in a second. Um but here we have an image. Now we can use the SF symbol. So, we can use the gear button here and we'll see it on the popup here on the right. Um, let's add some padding here so it looks a little bit better. And we can add a button style again. I will not use a glass style here, but a plain one. And then use a glass effect instead because here I can say I want this in a circle. So, this will have this nice circle around this. I'm not sure if you can see it properly, but yeah. >> Yeah, I can see I can see the shadow behind it. >> Tap on it. Um, it has a nice nice effect. And I need to add one more thing because uh for this cool glass effect that is morphing, I need to give it a glass effect ID. And let's call this container. For now, it doesn't really matter what we call it. Just needs to be unique. And I have a typo in here, which doesn't matter, but I just don't like this. All right. Okay, so we have the the UI there. We now need to have logic for this. So for this it's quite easy. We just want to toggle the is expanded property so that we can expand our UI here. So let's wrap this in a with animation uh function and we simply call the is expanded and we toggle this. All right. So we can we can tap on this but nothing will really happen because we haven't really implemented anything yet, right? And so for this let's add the the code here. And we can now say if is expanded. Uh we want to show two more buttons. And the first one will be the microphone one. And the second one will be the camera one. And now the logic or the code is quite similar. Again we have a button. We give it a label. It's an image. Um it's a system name. Again we do a microphone. Do a padding as well. Um, just like we did for the settings icon, we give it a button style of plane and do the glass effect again. So everything is quite similar. Um, we want to have this in a circle and I miss circle misspelled this. And I want a class effect ID as well. So let's call this microphone. And we have the name space here as well. All right. Um but we want to have logic of course. So for now we're not doing anything really with it. We can we can test this and it will show up with this nice morphing animation already but we haven't implemented any logic yet. Um so let's add this. And for this um we luckily have access to the call view model. So we don't have we don't need to inject anything else here. We have access to everything we need to manage the call. And we have the call view model. And here we have access to a call object. We also have access to calling state and participants. So there's a lot of things we can access here. And if there's a call, I want to take the microphone and toggle it. So quite simple, right? It's activated or disabled. Um, this won't work because this is an async function. So I need to wrap it in a task. and use the uh try await syntax here. So we try await this and with this this will work. So if I toggle this again, this will now do the logic which we're not seeing yet. We I'll show you in a second how that works. Um however, I'm not seeing an indication yet if the microphone is currently active or not. Right? So it would be cool to have this as well. Um and in liquid glass we can have a tint effect in our um in our buttons here. So let's um let's add this. And we can use the regular glass effect here and add a tint. Now I want to have a green color if the microphone is currently active and I want to have a red color if the microphone is deactivated. Now I need to have access to the call for this and luckily we do have this. So we have the call view model. We can um access the call and we can access the microphone and we can check the status of it which is an enum. So it can either be enabled, disabled or none. So we can say whenever it's enabled I want to give this the color of green and otherwise I want to give this the color of red. >> What does none mean in this case? Mhm. >> And so I'm seeing an error which I'm probably having a comma that I'm missing. >> Okay. >> Uh so with that it works I think and I see the indication is now red. So whenever I would click this in the reap it will change to a green icon. Now I only have the microphone. So let's do the same thing for the camera. And I can just >> you don't see behavior in the preview because in the preview you you're just sending in that like stub >> exactly view model. Okay, that makes sense. >> Yeah. So we don't have the entire logic for it. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> For the calling, right? Um I will I will show you um because like I'm showing just showing the preview of the controls view, right? I will see I will I will I will show the working thing in a second. It also works in previews, so it's quite convenient. >> Oh, cool. >> But okay. Um All right. So I now I duplicated the button. I can change the microphone to camera and simply toggle this. I can change the system name here to a camera and it will show a camera. I can change the microphone of the status here um to camera and everything will work. I just need to switch this effect here, this effect ID to camera. And as you can see like the the logic is very similar, right? So whether I'm accessing the microphone or the camera, it doesn't really matter. Like the the core logic is just the same. So if I if I tap this now, I see both the camera and the microphone and everything should work smoothly. So at least the animation looks great. Uh so let's let's try and see it in action. Um let's let's go to the overview here and let's see the preview that will load in a second. Um and we can now select for example this beautiful camera. I can hit the talk to seller again. That's a different one. And I can start the call. And as we see here at the bottom um this now shows our and I can zoom this in a little bit. This now shows our custom UI that we just built. We can now tap on here and we can see we can toggle this. Um, it works. Um, and we can close this again and we see the nice animation and at the same time we haven't changed any of the other components. So, we >> have fine grain control over this is what we want to change. Everything else will just stay the same. And if I want to change more of the components, I can do this. Um but otherwise I can just leave them uh as is. Uh I think it's a quite cool concept to get started really quickly um with a prototype and then like customize from then on uh whatever you want right and everything else still works. So yeah, um I think we have quite successfully implemented. Um >> yeah, >> I think I think I was within 30 minutes. Um and just just to to wrap things up, um I just wanted wanted to say again like we have different products, right? We have chat, we have video, we have activity fees and moderation. Uh everything's wrapped quite nicely together. So if you use one and want to add one of the others, it works really nicely. We have guides for all of that. So let's for example take a look at the iOS SDK. If we want to add, for example, chat, um we have documentation on this. Um you can add custom filters, you can, like I said, have a chat integration uh quite easily. Um so I think it's it's quite a cool setup if you need any of these features. And like I said, you have a quite generous free tier that you can use. Uh that should be sufficient for getting started and for well I think having having quite a few users. So I think something like a thousand users should probably still work. Um and if you go upwards from there, we have different plans as well. So you can you can probably scale up quite nicely with this. >> Nice. That's awesome. I'm curious um what like have you seen many use cases from smaller indie apps that are taking advantage of this and doing kind of cool things or is it usually bigger bigger companies? >> Well, I'd say both. Um >> well, yeah, obvious definitely bigger companies for sure. >> Luckily, that that that works quite well. Um yeah but yeah I think like as you can see um I think building like probably like the people watching this uh know better know better um but um it's quite easy to or like it's it's quite straightforward to get started with building a basic app but certain features um sound trivial in the beginning but can become quite complex quite fast I mean could be pay walls could be other things Right. Um and so I think the convenience of adding this in in um only a few lines of code really in a very very short time has come in quite handy for people um who just get started because um you want to like you want to really focus on your USP that you have um and you don't want to like fight with all the challenges that you have with things like chat and video. Um, so for example, like we're using WebRTC under the hood with our video calling product. Um, and like this is quite complex to get um, >> and to have like an edge network that's optimized to run like like with minimal lag on like basically all over the world, right? >> Like it's quite complex to get this up um yourself. And so I think especially for like smaller like groups of people or even solo developers um we have seen that it like enabled them to add these features without much friction and like provide like value to their users uh quite easily. So um it's it's really cool to see um what can be enabled enabled with that. >> That's awesome. Are there any I mean maybe you can't reveal specific examples, but I'm curious. Are there any examples you can think of that are cool? Like you would never spend the effort to add this type of feature into your app if you had to build it all from scratch. But because this tool set's so easy to integrate, you could build this like kind of small nice to have but really cool feature on top of an existing indie app or or not indie app. Um I think like the extensibility is quite cool to see. So um like if I if I if I talk for example about chat um I mean like you can you can think of simple onetoone person chat right but also you can think of live stream chat right where yeah just someone streaming and you could have like a a Twitch-like feature um where people can just give kudos or like um or like tip people because like you can also like customize for example attachments so you could add payment quite easily um and I think It's like examples like that are just cool to see like how people can get creative with this and like ship the things that just fit their use case perfectly. >> That's awesome. Cool. Well, uh thank you for showing that off. That was uh impressive uh getting that down into 30 minutes. Obviously, >> well, I was surprised that um nothing broke, but >> yeah. Yeah, it was very smooth. >> Uh there was like only like two typos in the whole thing. I don't know if I've ever done a live demo that's been that smooth ever in my life. >> Well, I can I can say that these these typos that wasn't the fault of the SDK. That was completely completely on the developer. Like >> I can't blame the SDK for that. So, so yeah. >> Awesome. Well, uh let's see. I can share my slides here and >> yeah I can I can start uh so next time uh actually next week is like the last full week before the end of the shipon. Uh so we're getting kind of close to the end here which uh I'm sure is scary for lots of people you know building because it's always scary to get to the end. It's certainly scary for me uh running it because there's a lot of things that have to happen uh as we get towards the end. But I am extremely excited. I've already been just deeply enjoying seeing the submissions uh starting to roll in and seeing what apps people have been building. But obviously that's going to increase a lot more as as we get closer. So excited to see all those roll in. Uh next week uh on Tuesday, the next uh one of these live streams is going to be on how to understand your data and run experiments to grow your app's revenue. Uh that one is going to be extremely exciting, especially once your app's out there. Hey, look at that. my dog decided to show up. Say hi to Moose. Um, that one's going to be really, really interesting. I think uh this one is going to be Revenue Cat uh experts that we have here that are building these tools that are going to uh talk you through the best way to to run an experiment and some things that you can do to uh to grow your app basically. So, that one will be very very awesome. And then the one after that um on Thursday will be a Q&A kind of a final get all your questions in about the Shipaton um in here. And both of those uh I'm actually going to be in India. So maybe I'll be able to call in from an airport or uh midnight at a hotel. I haven't figured out the time zones yet. But uh my fearless co- captain, I don't know what you want to call him, uh Matt is going to be running these. And we'll have uh like I said, some guests from uh RevenueCat here as well. So, uh, very excited to see those. Very excited to see, uh, us getting close to the finish line here. So, can't wait to see, uh, what you all do there. Uh, Stefan, thank you so much, uh, for joining. This was really, really cool. And, uh, thank you Stream for, you know, helping out, uh, the the Shipon as a sponsor. >> It was a pleasure. Uh, and of course, fingers crossed to everybody who is shipping something. I need to really like uh focus now because I only have 12 days left to ship something, right? >> Yeah, we're getting down. We're we're getting into that danger zone where it's like you really need if you're waiting on an app update from uh Apple, especially if it's your first version, >> you really should get that pushed out there. Even if you have bugs that you know about, push it out there. You can always do a follow-up uh bug fix release, but you want to make sure you get through that app review uh app review time. Definitely. >> Awesome. All right. Well, uh until next time, I will uh talk to you all later. Bye. >> See you.