Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah, it looks like we're live. So, welcome to those that are kind of trickling in. We'll give it just a second here to get started, but we're excited to talk more ship a ton today. And uh we've got George here from One Signal to kind of give us some insight into what One Signal does and their prize category within Shipon. So we got some really good stuff on the horizon here. Uh yeah, drop down in the chat uh either what you're working on for Ship Ton or where you're tuning in from. Howdy. Howdy, Justin. I think Justin has been in every [clears throat] single live that I've been in. It's really cool. [laughter] >> Cool. Okay. Yeah, let's get started. Um, super glad to have everyone here. I'm going to put my screen up on this uh screen here. Cool. And I'm actually watching the live stream from the side on my iPad as well right now just to like make sure that everything looks good. So, if I'm looking over, that's why. Um, but yeah, today we're going to be talking about the first seven days of your app. A pretty key period for your app. Um, and winning those first seven days. So, like I mentioned at the very beginning, we've got George here from One Signal. One Signal is a key part of winning those first seven days. And so, he'll share kind of the middle portion of this live stream and how to use One Signal, how to set it up, and some of the benefits of doing so. And little teaser, uh, One Signal is also, uh, sponsoring a prize category within Shipon this year. So, he'll talk about that as well. Uh, yeah, some really big stuff coming up. Um, yeah. So, I'm Austin with Revenue. I'm here with Reese, who's also one of my co-workers at RevenueCat. Have a lot of fun together. And then, like I just mentioned, we've got George, who is the CEO over at One Signal. Here is a QR code if you want to ask any questions as we go throughout this live stream. You can scan this dis scan this QR code uh to do so. We are live on Twitter, YouTube, uh I believe LinkedIn, and also over on Discord. So, Discord in general is just kind of a good place to uh throw a bunch of what you're working on and and kind of uh join in the discussion of Shipon in general. So, highly recommend you do that. Um, so for those of you who haven't heard of Shippeton, what are we doing here? Shippeton is awesome. This is a yearly event. This is actually our third year doing this. It is the world's largest hackathon. Um, so I actually had somebody ask me the other day, what is a hackathon? Well, basically the goal of Shipathon is just to get you to ship these app ideas that you have. If you if it's something that you've been working on for a long time, uh or you don't have an idea, but you've always wanted to ship an app or you just want to get out of a rut and want to ship ship something else, uh ship is the perfect opportunity to do that. There's two requirements to enter into Shipathon. Number one is that your app ships for the first time between these two dates, August 1st and September 30th. And uh number two, that your app ships using RevenueCat. So, if you don't know what RevenueCat is, quick plug. It is the easiest way to monetize your app. Um, so that's what we're doing here. Shipan has been going super well so far. We have some shoutouts we want to give here that we do every live stream. Um, yeah, we got we got some really cool ones. I'll share the one on the far right and then Reese, if you want to talk about some of these other ones, uh, because you shared these, these are great. Over on the far right is one that I'm particularly excited about. This is a new game. It's a play off of the tanks game from Wii Play if you had a Wii way back in the day and you played the tanks game. Uh something that I personally was a huge fan of. So this is a riff off of that shipping for ship a ton. Um but we got a lot of other good stuff. Ree, you want to talk about some of these other ones? >> Yeah, absolutely. Next we got Taiw in public in public. He did this a couple years ago as well, but I love to see these posts every single time. and he's building like a Pokédex for dogs this year. It's a really cool concept. Um then on the far left we've got Jay uh who has just shipped a beautiful looking app called Amble which I love the name by the way. Um it's a competitive like walking app um leaderboard of like daily steps, that sort of thing. And then in the middle we've got Max um who has shipped this really cool looking F1 top down game. It's g it gives me like a really nostalgic feel which is so cool and I can't wait to play it. I haven't actually played it yet but I will very soon. >> Yeah, I feel like with some of these like being Revenue Cat employees and George is a partner of Revenue Cat I feel like we should get the inside scoop to be able to play these things early. So, if anybody wants to like, you know, make those available, we will happily jump on and do that. I've been messaging uh the maker of this tanks game basically every day. It's like, "Hey, when can I play this?" Um, but if you're making stuff for Ship a Ton, make sure to post it online on uh social media and you can hashtag Shipton and uh we will see those and share those on our board here. But, lots of good stuff going on. So, ship ton like I mentioned, we kind of talked about some of these parameters. You have to release your app for the first time between August 1st and September 30th. You have to use RevenueCat and it just has to be on an app store. So whether that's the iOS app store, Google Play Store or Samsung Galaxy Store, uh that is the parameters. So pretty wide open as to what you can do here. And there's a lot of value in doing so. So tons of prizes. We currently have $700,000 that we're giving out as part of Ship a Ton and that is growing. working on signing more as we speak. Um, if you win, your app will be one of the huge billboards in Times Square. So, that is sponsored completely uh by us and it is a good way to get a lot of users in a small amount of time. Plus, it's just kind of cool. You can pose in front of your Times Square billboard. Um, there is a Shippy's award show in New York City while those billboards are going on. Uh, a big event that we do every single year. Very, very fun event. It's the same week of app growth annual and so you can also go there and learn about some tips for continuing your app journey. We also provide a bunch of press coverage in some of the uh highest uh newsletters of the industry and um there are also there's also the opportunity to get access to investors through the shipeton growth fund to continue your app building journey. So ship ton is obviously a way that you can start a new product that you've had in your mind, but then hopefully by the time you're done with it, you have a lot of traction and momentum towards doing more with your app in the future. So there are a bunch of categories that you can compete for. Uh the grand prize that we give to the app with the strongest traction and growth momentum is worth $100,000. And then there's also a bunch of other awards. We've got the Build-in Public Award, uh, which has a 30K, 20K, 10K, first, second, third place prize. And then we've got other awards such as the best game, which is a new one this year. Uh, the cat advertising award that you see halfway through there is a personal favorite of mine that best app or game that uses revenue cat ads. Um, and then we've also got uh these sponsor awards. So if you look in the bottom left corner, keep them coming back award. That is one signals award. Um so George will talk more about that. Uh we have a little bit of information here. This is worth 25K for the first place prize and then 5K for each second and third place. And this is the keep them coming back award. So uh the app that best helps you win in the first seven days like we're talking about here and getting that momentum early on with your app. Another benefit of participating in Shipaton is you get the ship kit. So this gets you a bunch of access to tools to build your app and to monetize your app and to grow your app. So one signal is also participating in this uh for one signal they are offering 100% off 100% off the growth plan uh for up to three months. So that is a good opportunity to uh make sure that you're messaging and connecting with your users in the right way. And again, George will talk more about that. Last component here of ship a ton is these IRL events in real life events. So there's a good chance that near you, wherever you're located, there is an event going on that you can go join. These are events are mixes of hackathons, uh maybe it's a demo day, maybe it's an ideation session, but there are a bunch of these events. If you just go to shipton.com/events, you can find the different events and you can even host an event if you'd like. Um, same thing, shipton.com/events, you can host your own event. Revenue Cat will pay for all of the food. We'll send you a bunch of swag and help you make it just a fun and positive experience. Here's some events that we've had. Uh, really good ones. Just yesterday, we had another one uh partnering with Expo in Seattle that went great. If you are in the Utah Salt Lake City area, I will be hosting an event tonight. Um, so check our ship.com/events page if you are. Would love to see you there. We'll have good pizza. I am taking suggestions of best pizza place, so feel free to drop those in the chat if you'd like to, but would love to see you there. And we have a lot more coming up uh even over the next couple of weeks and throughout the months of August and September and even a few in early October that are more like hey what did you ship during shipon uh kind of thing. So again shippaton.com/events check it out and apply to host one if you'd really like to get involved. With that uh we will bring the attention to George. So again, George uh started One Signal about 10 years ago and is the current CEO and uh yeah, great partner with Shipon and Revenue Cat. So George, take it away and we'll ask you a bunch of questions as you go. >> Yeah, thanks so much Austin. Uh really a pleasure to be sponsoring uh Ship Ton uh for the second year in a row. Um and I had the pleasure of attending the very first uh Ship Ton uh now several years ago. Uh and it's amazing to see um or I should say the first revenue cap app growth annual um it's amazing to see how far that's come and then also um to see uh what you guys are doing with ship a ton and and to be a big part of that. Um well let me jump in and tell folks a little bit more about One Signal. Um, and then I'll talk about uh why one single is useful for your app. Uh, really all apps. Um, and why uh we're uh why we see it as a really um fun way to um uh drive growth for your app uh during uh Shipon and be eligible for our sponsor award as well. All right, let me share the presentation I have here. Cool. Um, so let me start by uh going over what One Signal is for folks that are not familiar. Um, I'll talk about a price category and um I'll go over how you can uh grow your app with One Signal. All right. So what is One Signal? Um so let me start a little bit with the history um of the business. Um while we started One Signal about 10 years ago, we actually formed the company um a couple years prior to that. uh and we formed it as a mobile game studio. Um this was around uh 2014. Um it was a really small ragtag team of us. Um uh three people for the bulk of our time building games. Um and our games were incredibly popular. Uh people would um download them, share them with friends. Um they were often featured by the editorial review um team at Apple and at Google. Um and you can see some of them here. Uh we built a game called Shackdown featuring Shaquille O'Neal, a game called Go Ninja that was wildly popular with millions of downloads and and others. Uh but really a challenge for all mobile game developers and really all app developers um as a whole is once you've get gotten people to download your app, how do you keep them engaged? Um with games, it's particularly challenging because there's so much competition. There are hundreds of thousands of games that people have to choose from. And it's so easy just to move on and download the next one. And one of the ways that we saw uh to do that is to keep users informed about their progress, about new content, um about friends playing the game using uh uh tools like push notifications. Um so we spent a lot of time building structure to do this and it was not easy. um when you have millions of users um and you're wanting to do personalization and triggered campaigns, there's actually a lot of technology that needed to go into that um and that took away time from building uh the games themselves. Nevertheless, it worked. Um notifications helped us increase engagement um and they helped us increase revenue. Um once people were more deeply playing the games, they would hit different pay walls um and then um buy inapp purchases. Um meanwhile, uh we noticed that, you know, we weren't the only ones that had this challenge. Um, every app out there uh needs to use messaging, whether that's push notifications, email, SMS at times um to improve their engagement and to and to keep users um uh coming back. Um but yet still a lot of people were building a lot of infrastructure from scratch or cobbling together different tools. Um and that was taking time away from all the other things that they could be building. So that's when we decided to actually um uh finish up our last game uh which was a game called Bravo Man. uh and then divert our focus to building a platform that would make this technology available to um uh all other developers in the world. So sometime this past uh since then it's been about 10 years um and one signal has grown tremendously. Uh the mission of the company is to democratize customer engagement and a lot of that is about making the platform available uh to people in a way that's really easy to use um and affordable um and scalable to all the way from from small businesses to really big ones. So as a result of that um over 200,000 uh apps are actively using one signal for messaging. Um a lot of that is for push notifications but also many of them use one signal to uh also send email and SMS messages and to unify their customer engagement across different channels. Uh we deliver over a trillion messages a year. Um so the scale is really tremendous at this point. Um, and when you add up all of the users um, across all of the apps that use One Signal, um, we're seeing over one and a half billion um, uh, users a month. So really kind of global scale at this point. Lots of uh, bigger companies that uh, that use and and really value our platform, but also lots and lots of startups and indie developers. Um, and now lots of ship participants are already using one signal to power engagement for their app. just to give you results uh just to give you a sense of why it's valuable. Um uh we've talked to some of our customers about what have they seen as a result of using one signal and some of these customers had technology to send push notifications for email before but they didn't have the time or the technology to do it in an effective way and so after adopting one signal you can see um uh in this case company called Cashia saw um an increase of 43% of first month user activation and a lot of that is driven by maybe users that open the app but don't complete the activation process. uh right away, but then are brought back through an email or notification to complete the process. Notifications and emails are, of course, a great way to drive inapp purchases, um offer promotions, um and guide users, um to subscriptions. Um and then, uh they're also a great way to reactivate users. Uh right, someone might um use the app for a few minutes, a few hours, and then leave uh and then be brought back through a push notification or an email. Um or similarly, someone might have a paid subscription and then decide um to cancel a subscription or to um have their credit card expire or something like that. Uh and then they can be reactivated through a notification or email that tells them the benefits of coming back and and resubscribing. Now, uh, when we think about this vision that we had to democratize customer engagement, a lot of that has historically come from us providing, um, a set of tools that are easy to use and at a low price. But one of the challenges that a lot of our customers encounter, especially small businesses, is that the tools aren't enough. They often don't have the expertise to do it well. And so, this is where a lot of our AI investments are focused. We want to make sure that whether it's a company of one or two people um or someone's hobby project, they have AI that lets them do the complex campaigns and optimization and advises them on how to utilize messaging in the most effective way uh so they can go headto-head um with much larger teams um that maybe have uh more experience um and more resources. And similarly for larger companies that use one signal, we often see that they spend hours of time each week uh gathering information and tuning their campaigns. And more and more uh we're introducing AI capabilities that help them automatically apply those optimizations. And they let our customers focus on strategy rather than manual tuning and manual reporting of everything that's going on in the platform. You can see this is um the the vision that we're working towards and the different stages that many of our customers are at. Historically, a lot of customers went through a manual execution path and of course that's still available today. Now a lot of them are using AI to recommend how they can better engage their customers um and that's in the platform and um increasingly we're seeing people have AI assisted workflows and we're working towards making more and more of our products autonomous uh so that people don't actually have to manually do the work. The platform itself can do most of the work on their behalf. Uh I'll talk a little bit about our prize category and then I'll talk about how you can uh very quickly set up one signal and use it uh in your shipon submission. So um uh pretty significant um amount of cash uh that we will be awarding uh in shipon 2026. You can see uh $40,000 of combined prizes with first place earning $25,000. So highly encourage people to participate. Um, you know, one of the criteria to be eligible is you actually have to ship your app on the app store. When you look at the number of people that get to that, um, it's probably fewer than you think. Um, so, um, you have a good chance if you use One Signal, you have a good chance of earning one of these prizes. Um, and of course, uh, the first place prize being, uh, being the big one here. Um, uh, what are the criteria? So, the the award is going to go to the app that uses one signal to bring users back um through one perfectly timed push or a full multi-step journey. Um and let me show you how to get started. Oh, um right, let me go a little bit into more detail on the judging criteria first. So, first uh criteria, did the project successfully implement fundamental one single features? Was the one single integration clean, stable, and well executed within the project project's codebase? Next up, does the one single integration improve the overall user experience or add significant value to the application? And finally, how resourceful was the team in leveraging one single functionality to achieve their desired atmosphere and outcome? Um, and realistically, uh, in our experience, every application should be utilizing at least push notifications, if not push and email, as part of their onboarding, engagement, and retention strategy. Uh so as long as you're doing that and you're incorporating the platform, you're probably both going to have an application that is more likely to be successful um and to to um make money um but also uh you will have met a lot of these judging criteria to be eligible for the awards. Um, yeah, I want to call that out really quick, George, because that's like that's like really good point of, you know, if you if you implement one signal, not only do you get, you know, the first, you know, three months free on the growth plan, um, and a chance to win the 25K award, but also like you'll have implemented one signal, which is a benefit in and of itself. So, um, you know, like you said earlier, anybody can bring in users, you know, that that's its own thing. Um, but like retaining those users is kind of the hard part. Um, so yeah, I I really like this. You know, even if you don't win any of these other things, like you still have implemented one signal, which is a benefit. >> Absolutely. >> It's cool. >> All right. Well, let me go into how you can uh implement one signal. Um, and I'm going to change the screen I'm sharing here. Actually, why don't we just hop over to this? So, here's the One Signal dashboard. Um, I'm going to go and just show what it's like to create a new app just so you can get a sense of how simple it is. So, let me go back to homepage here and click new app. Um, and call this the Ship Ton 2026 entry. >> Um, we can't see your screen. I'm just seeing the slide still. >> Oh, my bad. Let me switch that. Good call. >> No, you're good. >> And we got some good questions coming in the chat. We will we will address those. Um we'll do like a little Q&A at the end. So I think Reese is saving some of these just so you know. So keep them coming. >> Great. Um cool. So very easy. Once you create a One Signal account, um uh you will be brought to a place where you can create a new One Signal app. Give it the name of your choice. Um and uh you'll just have a default organization you can assign it to. Next up um you'll select your first channel. Um I think most of you are going to be building for the iOS platform or Android platform. Some of you might be using a tool like Flutter uh Expo or React Native. Um and that's perfectly fine as well. Just select uh one of these platforms and then you can choose the other one uh afterwards. Next, uh you'll go to configure platform. Um and you'll be guided through how to provide um your PA O key. This is basically Apple's API key to send push notifications. Um so you'll fill that in here. After you do that, um let me go over to an app that is already configured. Uh you'll see that uh the platform is activated. And uh you can choose um which tool you're using to build the app. You can see we support um native iOS apps um um as well as crossplatform development tools like Cordova, React Native Expo, Unity.net and and others. Um oftentimes uh even if you're using something that is not listed here, although this is this is most of them, um uh it's still perfectly fine to uh set up. You just follow the native app setup flow. But I think uh Expo is definitely a popular crossplatform development platform. So, um I'll select that one. And then uh here we are. You'll be brought uh to this very very simple uh AI prompt that you can copy and paste into uh cloud code uh or into codeex or cursor or whatever um uh editor you're using to build your app. Um so very very simple. Um and it'll walk you through all of the steps. Um and it'll also test to make sure it's working end to end. Um and then you can confirm here. This is a demo app, so I haven't um fully completed this, but you'll just click this button and you'll see that it is active. >> I I love that the copy command now is like a command for Claude to implement this where, you know, if you go back like a year, like you'd copy the code and paste it over, but now I love that it's just a literal prompt that you just copy. That's awesome. >> Yeah. Yeah. We've made it super easy. And honestly, this is this is huge. After we introduced this, it got much easier to set the platform. For those of you that have set up um one signal or have set up push notifications um in iOS previously um you may remember that it was quite errorprone. There was a lot of um uh settings you had to configure in Xcode. Um and uh yeah now it's this takes care of all of it for you. Um and if it runs in any problems it'll it'll walk you through that as well. >> Nice. >> All right. So uh once you've got one signal set up um of course you'll probably also want to think about how to connect one Signal to Revenue Cat. Um and we have a revenue cat integration. So um in the revenue catat uh dashboard you can go down towards marketing communications. Select one signal here uh put in your app ID and API key. Um and you'll see that uh revenue cat will start to automatically synchronize different tags over to one signal uh based on the user's subscription status. >> Hey same thing, George, I can't see your dad dashboard if that's a different tab or something. >> Thank you. I see that. But yeah, looks like Riverside um share specific tab, which is cool, but um [laughter] get used to this. Okay, here we go. All right, let's try that. >> All right, you'll go to revenuecat integrations. Um and then you'll select one signal, put in your app ID and API key. Um and then you'll you can see the different tags that will get assigned to subscribers in one signal. Um now, what can you do with these? Um well, let me give you a look. Um let me give you a demo. So, um, on the one single slide, you'll see we've got documentation on our revenue cap integration and a bunch of examples of what you can now do. Oh, need to share my the correct screen again. Here we go. All right, there we go. Okay. Um, you'll see a bunch of examples of the different uh uh campaigns that you can now set up triggered based on revenue cat events. So, for example, sending onboarding messages to users in a free trial or who just subscribed, re-engaging turned users with surveys or discounts, or sending transactional messages for purchases, billing issues or renewals. Um, so very straightforward. Um, uh, and this walks you through it and it'll walk you through the different events. Um, basically what each tag means. So, for example, you can see the period type could be trial, intro, uh, or normal. You can see last event type, uh, trial started, trial converted, uh, and so on. And I'll give you a a more detailed demo of, um, how you can start to wire this up. But you can get a sense of why this is so valuable, right? When users um, uh, have a subscription uh, that is canled, you can now follow up with a notification or an email uh, inviting them to come back uh, and renew um, or whichever events you want to send. Similarly, you can change your campaigns uh to be personalized based on the user subscription status. So you for existing sub um uh paying customers, you can have different campaigns than ones that are focused on people that are on a free plan and that you're working on converting. All right, let me go back to the one single dashboard and I'll show you how you can now connect these events to um uh run campaigns. So let's see. Okay. So um one of the things I've gone ahead and done here is I've created a segment in one signal um called revenue cat winback. Um and it's a very simple segment. It says when user tag subscription status is expired um and it'll match the users that um uh meet this criteria based on the integration that you have from revenue cap. Um, and now, um, I can go in and I can manually create a journey using net segment. Or, um, why don't I try to save some time here and I'm going to say, uh, use one single AI to create a, uh, journey, uh, to win back users whose subscription has expired. Use the revenue cat win back segment. Um, so you'll see one while One Signal AI works. Um, this is a really great way to use the platform. Um, and you can actually even ask it questions around how you can best uh connect one Signal to Revenue Cat um or the different um options that are available to you and it'll guide you through that. Um, and more often than not, it can actually just set things up um automatic for you. So, it can really save you a lot of time and can help you make sure that you're utilizing the platform correctly and and everything is working well. Um, so here you go. Um, it says the journey is ready. Um, so, um, uh, the push sensor placeholders. I'll still need to write the title and body for them. So, no problem. Um, here you go. You can see this is the journey. Uh, it's been made. Um, it targets the revenue cat win back segment. Um, and we can define the push notifications that go out. Let me go ahead and I'm going to create a template uh, for this first push. And I'm going to also use one single AI to help me author this. Great. Um, so it's automatically um suggested uh title uh and body. Um, you can also of course personalize this to the app. Um, so if you're building um like a fitness tracker or to-do list or whatever you might be building, you can just provide that context. Um, and it will u make sure that that's um uh uh uh applied in the copy that it uses as well. So you can see here um uh >> on the wrong type again. >> Oh, thank you. Okay, let me know if I do that again. I'm gonna try to [laughter] All right, here we go. Okay. Um so yeah, here we go. It's uh I asked the author push notification to win back users. Um, I asked it to add a discount and then I'm going to have to apply it to template. And there you go. Um, it's now been applied. I'll go ahead and I will save um save it here. And then I will go back to the journey I was working on. and attach it here and save and that's it. So just uh one more push to create. Um of course you can further customize the journey with emails, inapp messages, SMS messages, you can set up AB tests um all sorts of different options that are available to you um to create these winback uh sequences. Um all right, let me show you a couple more things now. Um, and I'm going to share my full desktop uh this time. Actually, yeah, let me stop sharing and then we can we can do this. >> Yeah, just while you do that, um, this is like so cool for me to see, um, as someone who hasn't implemented web signal yet, but has tried to do some of these things manually of like how can I, you know, help customers who didn't sign up for my free trial or my subscription initially. Um, like like create a whole life cycle with that customer. So seeing this is is super exciting. Like the fact that all of that it's automated, it goes through your templates and um you can just manage it all in a single dashboard and like all of the integration with revenue. Um yeah, like this is definitely something that I'm going to implement into stuff. >> Yeah, you can see how easy it is. Um it really just takes a few minutes uh to get it up and running. Um and then at the very least you are able to send push notifications but of course encourage folks to explore email. Uh similarly very easy to set up uh journeys and then connecting it to revenue really makes it a magical experience um and will help you better um uh monetize your app. >> So cool. >> All right, still getting a couple of the windows ready here. Okay, I think this is good. >> And I I think that answers an earlier question by the way too. Somebody had dropped in uh does one signal work with email as well as push notifications and my understanding is that yes it does. >> Yes, it does. Yeah, exactly. >> All right. Um so here I am now uh in claude. I'll minimize this. Um so um you've seen one signal AI in the one single dashboard. Um but of course one signal also um has um an MCP. Um and we actually have official cloud connectors uh for um uh connectors for for claude uh for uh chat for codeex uh for cursor. Um also replet um has a one single integration um and if you're not using any of those like you have um a local uh model or something like that um we also have um an MCP that you can install uh wherever you prefer. Um an MCP can do a lot of things um automatically in the platform. Um for example I can say how are my push notifications performing [clears throat] and it will um uh pull data uh out of one signal um and give you a really nice overview. Um, of course, this is a demo app, so um, you know, the day has been a little bit limited. Um, nevertheless, uh, this is a great example of the kinds of insights that you can get, um, using AI and the MCP. All right, while that runs, um, I can give kind of a quick overview of some of the other features. So, yes, uh, once of course supports push notifications. Um related to push notifications um we also see a lot of apps that are utilizing live activities um and one signal supports those as well. So we'll do um automatic audience management, fan out and personalization of live activities. Um and especially with AI these are now really easy to implement um because you can use AI to um uh automatically design them and personalize and and make sure that they um they look cool and are appropriate for for your app and then also to wire up uh the one single API to send and trigger live activities. All right, here we go. You can see um claude can report um on the messages that you've sent through one signal um and it can give you advice on any issues or best practices that you can apply. Um uh you can also send messages uh from uh uh AI through the MCP. So you can actually author a message or go back and forth. Um you can even schedule campaigns um using AI in this way. And the last example that I'll show that I think is really really cool is um of course this can help you implement everything but it can actually give you advice on what's going to work best. So in this case um uh I have an app here uh let's see if it's running. Okay. Anyway, this this is an app example that I put together called Streley and it's around uh setting goals and then repeating them. So for for instance going for a run each day or drinking a certain amount of water each day um and maybe I'm not sure about what messages are going to best re-engage my users and I can simply ask it. So this is um cloud code. So it sees the code for the app and say look at what this app does and how it's built. Then recommend how I can just use one signal to my users. And I think this is really where it gets really powerful. This is where we go from just making the platform easy to set up to actually bringing AI as an expert advisor to customers. um to help them um maximize their engagement and find opportunities that they might otherwise not have uh thought of. Um you can even ask uh one single AI, how can I win ship a ton? How can I win the uh one signal ship a ton prize uh with this app? Um and it will make really good recommendations for you and then it'll walk you through uh step by step how to implement those. um because the MCP uh has access to I believe it's 34 tools now in one signal oftentimes it can actually set up a lot of this automatically for you. So for example it can send messages it can report on messages uh it can create user segments um it can um uh set user properties. One of the things that we're working on is also giving the MCP the ability to create and modify one signal journeys as well. So the vision is that you may not even have to go to the one signal dashboard just through cloud code or through the editor of your choice you can fully uh connect up the one signal platform and start using it to drive better onboarding and user engagement. So of course one downside of opus 5 it's a great model but it is a little slow. I was thinking if you want to win this prize category, you should probably be using like Fable Max or something to implement signal just to get the best, you know, opportunity to get first place. >> Yeah. Um All right. Well, here it comes. So, let's see what it found. So, it said, "What is the app?" Okay, it's a local only habit tracker. Um it doesn't have a backend. So, that calls that out um and makes some recommendations about it. Um but here we go. Now, it's giving some real recommendations. It says, "Move the permission as the moment of value." So um yeah, of course the time that you want to ask for notification permission is probably at the time when users are most likely to accept it and that might not be right when they open the app, but it might be after they complete onboarding or during the onboarding process. You can also use one signal inapp messages um to um create uh uh customized permission prompts uh pre-prompt is what these are called that gives users some context on why they should allow notifications before you show the native permission dialogue. Next up, um it suggests uh uh specific ways of using one single platform. So mirror the user's uh local streak state into tags. So you can track okay, how far are they progressing on their streak? Um and should you remind them uh when should you remind them to come to the next do it again basically. Um and then emit custom events so you can have journeys triggered based on those and it gives you some great ideas on the different campaigns that you can build. So overall, um, uh, yeah, really kind of a great experience. Um, and hopefully this can make, uh, even folks that have not really done customer engagement before, maybe you haven't done marketing before, thought about it very much, um, you can really rely on, uh, AI to give you a lot of advice, um, and to guide you through best practices, um, really easily. And the last thing I'll note um is just in general, one of the things that that we've observed amongst our most successful customers is that the most successful apps are ones that have some sort of user some sort of design that drives repeated user engagement. Um so you'll notice almost every app that you download, almost every app that is um is uh successful is doing something around getting users into routine. So that might be um uh something like this streak app um where it gets you into a routine of doing something in your day um and guiding you towards completing it on a consistent basis. It might be a language learning app that encourages you to uh complete a learning segment uh once a day or a couple times a week. Um more and more you'll start to see this uh this pattern. Um and I encourage folks to lean into that as you're thinking about building your app. Think about what kind of user patterns um and habits you can instill to drive long-term engagement because that's going to be um what makes your app more likely to be successful and to have strong retention. And then of course you can tie in one signal uh to help reinforce that um and maximize your engagement and guiding that repeated usage. All right. And that's it. Any questions? Amazing. Uh, cool. Thank you so much for walking through all that. Super helpful. We did have some questions in the chat. I know that some of them were answered. Um, Reese, did you see any that were still open? >> I don't think so. I think just the the ones I sent you. >> Okay. Um, yeah, somebody here's a good one. Someone asked um EA 8398 asked since one signal is mainly for after launch how should we uh use it for shipeton? Um I've definitely got some thoughts there but George you want to share on that? >> Yeah sure. So um uh as you're building your shipon app um there's probably going to be uh different events or different habits that your app is trying to guide people towards. Uh so for example, if you're building a mobile game, you probably want to encourage people to come play the next level. Um and so you can think about incorporating uh notifications as a driver to do that, right? Because someone might have 20 minutes a day to play the game. Um and uh if you don't remind them that the game is there and that there's more interesting content or that there's there's interesting things that are going to happen as they progress, um then they might just not come back to it. Um and so um you know when we were a mobile game studio this was a big pattern of ours is we recognized that a lot of times people would play the game in like 15 20 minute segments and we try to predict what is the next time that they might be they might be um you know on a train um or have some downtime in the evenings and then send them uh a message when that's going to happen. So one of the features um I didn't get a chance to demonstrate this but one of the features in one signal um is to use what we call intelligent delivery which predicts the best time for each user to get the message. So basically you can say um for all users that have uh completed a level send them a message using intelligent delivery uh suggesting that they go play the next level and it will automatically identify okay maybe uh Austin uh played the game uh yesterday at 900 p.m. So let's send this notification uh at 9:00 p.m. Um and maybe someone else looks like they played the game um at 8:30 a.m. maybe on their commute um and they'll get it at 8:30 a.m. And that really increases um uh uh the conversion rate um and the the number of sessions that you um see from the notifications that you send. >> Fascinating. Is that a part of one signal today? Intelligent delivery. >> Yeah. And it's very easy. Um you can use intelligent delivery um uh when you're sending a one-off campaign um using the dashboard. Um it's also a field in our API. So if you're sending messages programmatically, you can do it that way. Um, and then finally in Journeys, we also have the ability for you to do time zone based sending. Um, so I believe Journeys doesn't have intelligent delivery at the moment. It's just for individual campaigns, but it does have time zone based delivery. So you can uh for based on your app, you might know that people tend to engage with it more in the mornings, afternoons, or evenings. Um, and you can schedule messages to to go out to each personalized on their time zone. We automatically collect time zone and and we'll send it based on that. >> Amazing. So cool. Somebody else asked, could you talk a little bit more about live activities? So, uh, yeah, you mentioned live activities are supported in one sigma, which I thought was really cool. What's kind of the use case for that? >> Yeah, absolutely. So, live activities are very interesting, uh, channel. Um, uh, I think many of us may be familiar with them because if you use um, a food delivery app, um, or a ride sharing app, um, or you're you're about to board a plane, um, you'll get a live activity that'll show you live progress. um on what's happening. Um and that's great. Um it's uh you know, prior to that um if you were waiting for a ride share, you would just get the these repeated notifications like, okay, it's 10 minutes away, it's 5 minutes away, it's three minutes away. Um but now you can just glance at your phone and you can see it right there. Um so, uh a bunch of different use cases open up. Um so, anything where yeah, someone's waiting for something to happen should definitely have a live activity. The other case we have uh live activities. Um uh another really great use case for live activities and just when there's something an ongoing event um so for for instance um if your app is related to sports scores um and people are following certain games certain teams you can start a live activity and then they can just check the scores at a glance by looking at their um at their phone. Um, we see live activities sometimes used in um, uh, different uh, uh, mobile games. Um, if there's some sort of timer, you can have a live activity that is a timer that's counting down uh, to maybe your energy refreshing or something that's about to happen in the game or an ongoing um, live event. Um, so people can can see the status of it. Um, one of the concerns that people sometimes have is, okay, well, if I do if I give people information with live activity, then maybe they're not going to open the app. But actually we see uh the opposite pattern is that because live activities um are such an engaging experience um it can actually drive more app opens. Um and of course um for many apps it just provides like a really valuable part of the user experience. Like the reason people download like one of the main reasons I I have um a bunch of different airline apps on my um uh on my phone is is you know not is is actually because of live activity because I can now see exactly if the flight is delayed, if it's arriving on time, uh which gate it's going to be at um and uh yeah really kind of a wonderful experience overall. Um some of the cool things about live activities um uh some or considerations u maybe um so you have to design live activity and um there's certain like user interface guidelines that Apple provides um uh when they were first introduced this was a big hurdle for people because you'd actually have to get your design team and your development team to go and build this. It's much much easier with AI. You can just go into cloud or whatever coding agent you're using and ask it to create a live activity for you and then you can conversationally edit it. Um, and then once that's created, you package it as part of your app. Um, and in one signal, you just send an API call. Um, uh, and in that API call, you can choose the audience. So that could be just an individual user. So for instance, Austin is waiting for, um, his, uh, his food order to be delivered. Um, or you can share it with a whole group of people. Everybody that follows this sports team uh, should get this live activity. Once the live activity is started, uh, you just continue to use the API to send updates to it. So if someone scores a goal in a game, um you just send that API call and it'll automatically update for everyone that has that live activity uh active. Um so yeah, really uh uh surprisingly simple um surprisingly underutilized um and really powerful. The last thing I'll mention about live activities that I think is really intriguing is that um unlike push notifications, users don't have to grant permission for the app to send them a live activity and they don't have to click any buttons. So, for example, um I have a food delivery app installed on my phone. Um but sometimes I place an order um on my desktop. Um and as soon as I do, um it knows that the order I place on my desktop, that's me. That's the same person that has the app installed. And so they they make an API call and then boom, like I place the order, you know, on in Chrome on my desktop and then I see the live activity on just appear magically um on my phone. Um and so that is great. Um and yeah and similarly um uh you don't have to ask users for push permission. Live activities will just work if the person installs your app. Um they do there are some caveats. Um so if they have not provided any form of consent the live activity will be shown with what's called the provisional notification UI which means there will be a couple buttons below it that says continue to get these or block them. Um and users can make that choice. Um, but at least um it really reduces the friction of getting them out to people um and driving engagement with this with this really cool um uh channel. >> So cool. Um okay, I have many more questions. Maybe we can do a quick little speed round. Number one, I feel like you are a resource of just so many ideas for how to use notifications and how to use one signal to retain customers. Is there like a list of examples somewhere or how might we come up with like additional ideas for how to use one signal for our app specific purposes in the future when we don't have you in front of us to ask questions live? >> Yeah, great question. So, in the one signal documentation um you'll see this page uh called tutorials and this call has tutorials and use cases and it covers all of the different features as well as industry strategies um for all sorts of categories. Uh so gaming, news and media. Um guidance on best practices for things like onboarding um in different categories. Um abandoned cart back in stock alerts, flash sales, daily streaks, app store reviews, um really everything. Um so you can go and you can uh browse this manually. Um which I encourage folks to do just to get a little bit of a feel for the content. Um and you'll see it really walks you through this uh step by step. Similarly, if you use the One Signal AI in the One Signal dashboard, it has access to all this documentation um and it will pull it in um and can advise you based on the content that's written here. >> Amazing. I almost I feel like I almost like teed that question up for you. Like that almost felt scripted, but I promise that was not scripted. That was legitimate. >> That's a very common question. Yeah, we know a lot of people are are new to this. Um a lot of people are building the app for the first time or maybe they're thinking about marketing customer engagement for the first time. Um, and yeah, we like I said earlier, the the mission is to democratize customer engagement. We want to make this really accessible, really easy for everybody. And um, we want every app to be able to compete um, with the biggest, most, you know, wellunded big teams out there. Um, and uh, you know, with our platform and with the the AI cap abilities today. Um, that's much easier than it's ever been before. >> So cool. Okay, speed round continues. Question number two. This is another one that I'm kind of feeling the same vibe of. How do you send notifications to customers and keep them retained using one signal notifications uh while also walking the line of not bombarding them with notifications or annoying them to the point that they actually uninstall your app? >> Yeah. So, I would encourage folks to think about notifications, emails, live activities, SMS, anything you're doing as um a component of your product. So don't look at it as like, okay, well, we've got this app that we built and then we've got like messages that we send. Think about them in concert with each other. So um as I mentioned earlier, a lot of apps are trying to drive some sort of repeat behavior. And so think about your messaging strategy in the context of that, right? If you if you expect users to come back and do something once per day, then send them a reminder once per day and try to send it at the time that they expect it to arrive. Um similarly, if your app you're you're trying to guide users to subscribe to a paid plan, think about that carefully. Just as you're building payw walls in your application and you're thinking through what is the experience that's going to convince users that they should upgrade um and stay subscribed. Um connect your messaging strategy to that. If you're not sure how to do that, um uh the great thing is is we have these tutorials um that I just showed and also you can ask um AI for advice on best practices and it'll use the resources we provide as well as all of you know the knowledge um contained in these in these language models. Um and I find that it's it's a great advisor, a great thought partner um on thinking about this. Um the last thing I'll notice um you can test it. Um so um you saw how journeys works. um you can set up split tests and journeys and you can test different uh cadences or quantities of messages and then you can measure how users are reacting. So does it lead to users converting to a paid plan? Does it lead to users uninstalling your app? Um and so you can refine based on that so that you can really dial in the optimal experience for for each user. >> So awesome. Cool. Well, I think that we've covered most questions. Uh if not, I just threw something in there. Make sure to hop on the discord, the shipan discord because there is a one signal channel. Um, so we can continue the discussion there. Uh, Ree, anything you want to add before we kind of wrap this up? >> Um, I think there was one last interesting use case that I saw. Someone was asking um about a leaderboard and whether you could use one signal in relation to like a leaderboard. I thought of like if your friend overtakes you or something like that. Yeah, absolutely. Um, so different ways to do leaderboards. If it's a global leaderboard, um, uh, in your backend, whenever someone advances a slot on the leaderboard, um, you just send an API call to one signal, um, that starts a journey or triggers a message. Um, if it's a leaderboard amongst friends, you can use, uh, one signal tags. Um, this is like a user property that you can say set kind of whatever properties you want that lists out their friends. And you can say, for example, um, every time, um, one of Reese's, uh, someone that is is a friend of Ree, um, I should say, every time Ree advances on the leaderboard, everyone who's a friend of Ree should get this notification. Um, and you just make an API call. Our API has, um, a feature on it called filters. And so you just say the filter is, uh, friend of contains Ree uh, and that's it. and and will automatically identify the right um users and send the message to them and then report back. Um did they get the message? Did they engage with it? Um and did it lead to uh maybe them uh trying to uh to um win back their leaderboard position. >> That's a that's a great way to up the competition. If I got a notification every single time Ree passed me on the leaderboard, I would definitely spend a lot less time working. So >> there you go. That's that's good to know. Well, amazing. Thank you so much uh for sharing all of that. Um we'll hop over to just a couple slides here to wrap up. The next live stream we have is next Tuesday at 9 a.m. Pacific and that is with Matt Barry and a guest from Jet Brains all about building crossplatform uh with Cotlin multiplatform. So definitely tune in for that, especially if you liked this kind of content. And yeah, thank you so much for joining. And again, George, thank you for sharing everything that you shared. Super insightful and helpful. And again, it um has inspired me to get started with One Signal. So yeah, really appreciate it. And thanks everybody in the chat for the great questions. It's been a great time. So we'll see see you all next time.