All right, I think we are live. Oh, I'm getting errors. Oh, I've seen this before. So, I don't think that should be a problem. Um, >> I don't see anything on my side. >> Yeah, I think I think it has to do with the rereaming out to other uh other things. So, there might be there could be some issues on like Twitter or something right now. Uh we have we have a team that's looking at it though, so we don't have to worry about that here. Um yeah, so we're live. Thank you everybody for joining. I can see people are already popping in. Uh let us know where you're coming from. And uh while people are coming in, maybe you two can tell us where you're coming from. You're both coming from the same place, right? >> Yeah. Harry and I are both calling in from Toronto, Canada. We're at our office downtown. So um yeah, we're excited to be here. Thank you so much for hosting it. We'll save some of the introductions for a bit later. Ary, anything else you want to add to that? >> No, it's great. >> What's What's your favorite food in in Toronto? Is that is there like a known thing to eat there? >> Like the the answer that anyone not from Canada is expecting is probably like poutine. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's the Canadian or maple syrup or something. or you know, I just wake up in the morning and chug some maple syrup, like really get after it. Um, no, honestly, I think one of the cool things about Toronto is like the c the culture of the city is so diverse. The exposure you get to all types of international cuisine. Um, it really makes it kind of like a unique spot for uh, you know, having some good types of food. So, I don't know if I could necessarily define like one staple item like off the top of my head. You know, there's some other cities here like if I was going to say like Harry could probably give a better example, Montreal, but like there some Yeah. some like they're they're pretty famous for some of their sandwiches and things like that. So, I I don't know if Toronto itself is is necessarily like got one staple item, but we definitely are fortunate to have exposure to quite a few of >> Nice. It's on my It's on my list. We just had some friends go there last summer and now it's uh it's high on our vacation list. Uh >> you got like Well, coming from the States, you get 40% on your 40% on your dollar. So you you know it's pretty afought right now. >> Actually, pretty much world. >> Uh so I guess uh now that we've talked about where you're from, we'll do this in weird reverse order. Let's talk about who you are. Uh so Brandon, you were just talking uh you are the architect of growth uh as you label yourself on LinkedIn. Uh and then at Tempo we haven't even talked about uh coming from Tempo. That's what we're going to talk about here. And then uh Harry, you're also on the the growth team at Tempo. Um so thank you all both for joining. Uh oh, and I'm Charlie Chapman if if you've made it this far into our webinars and haven't heard me blabbing too much. I'm a developer advocate uh here at Revenue Cats and the the self-proclaimed captain of the Shipeton. Um so before we get into tempo and everything going on there, uh I have a couple things around the world of Shiptown I want to talk about. But first, make sure you're asking questions. Uh if you're in the live stream, uh there's a questions tab. You can throw things in. Please throw them out as soon as you you see anything that's worth talking about. Um, I will happily interrupt whatever we're talking about to bring those in. Uh, because that's that's why we do these live. Otherwise, these would just be pre-recorded videos. Um, and if you're not in the live webinar, uh, if you're watching on Twitter or YouTube or LinkedIn, uh, you can join our discord and there is a, uh, live streams channel and you can ask questions in there and I'll be sitting there monitoring that as well and bring those questions in. So, please, please, please ask questions. That's why we do this. Uh so yes, appreciate it and you all have been so chatty throughout all of these and I really appreciate that. It makes these a lot more fun. Uh so going on in the world of Shippeton, so building public energy is still very very strong. We're definitely entering the era of uh the quality of stuff we're seeing is getting better and better as people are further along in their development. Uh it's honestly been kind of insane. Uh a crazy one that I want to highlight over the last couple days is uh Taiwo in uh London has been taking the buildin public hashtag extremely literally and he started setting up uh tables. This this one is from a couple days ago I think in Lancaster Square in in London. I think this morning I saw he was sitting on the the bridge uh outside of uh uh uh I almost called it Manchester the main uh Westminster. Westminster. Uh you can see it in the background and he's got his table uh and he's showing off his game that he's been building and you can see like people will just come up and talk to him because how many people have a table showing off their apps uh at a public literal public square. So that is very cool uh to see. Um also Goautier he may have been mentioned on one of the webinars when I was out of town. I don't remember or not now, but he's making this crazy like citybuer game uh that looks extremely fun and interesting. Uh someone who kind of likes the old Sim City style games and so very interested to see what's going on there. Um, and then, uh, I'm gonna pronounce it wrong that Nick Hill, uh, he's been making, uh, YouTube videos about his journey as he's been building, but as a developer advocate, uh, at RevenueCat, he just recently made one about integrating RevenueCat into his Cotlin multiplatform app. And honestly, it's like the type of video that I should have already made. It's very well done. Uh, and it's the type of thing where it's like if you're building a Cotlin multiplatform app and you need to integrate RevenueCat, you should just check this out because he goes through, you can see in this screenshot he's got uh I forgot what tool he's using, but a visualization tool that actually shows how he's structuring everything. I should make this full screen, too. >> That's every marketing team's goal right there. >> It feels like cheating. You essentially got UGC figured out when you can leverage the content created by your users and highlight what the app is supposed to do. That is always the goal. Hopefully some of these folks on today's call can do that for tempo after this. >> Hey, there you go. There you go. Uh, and then I also I threw a tweet in there from my boss Rick uh where he took a screenshot of of our Slack where we were talking about we we have a Slack channel called uh Shipathon Good Feels where we just throw the things in that we see around the internet uh that make us feel good and it's very very chatty because there's so much stuff and at one point I was just like this is cra like it's crazy how much good stuff is coming out of this and you can already tell that some of these are just going to pop and like there's going to be businesses built off of it. And I joked, uh, we need to start labeling apps. You know, how people will put YC, you know, uh, 2007 or whatever, like the year that they were coming from Y Cominator. I feel like in 10 years we might be able to see like Shipaton from, you know, 2026 or something. Uh, for an app that's now like a big company. Uh, that would be that would be very cool. But yeah, we've been extremely impressed with what everybody's been doing and so keep it up. Uh, and honestly excited to see this continue on even after the event's over because these aren't just hackathon projects. These are real apps that you're really shipping and then they're businesses afterwards. So excited to see that uh that continue. >> As I feel should know the answer to this, but how many people do you guys have involved with it so far >> with this? Uh well it's so it that's kind of a tricky question to answer because we reached the like uh the mainstream point where spammers started becoming a thing. So, I think we're getting dangerously close. I should check this. Uh, but I think we're getting dangerously close to like 50,000 registrations, but maybe like half of those are people who are really going to submit. But still, last year's was uh 1,500 uh people, which felt like this huge massive movement, and this year, I mean, you can just you can just tell uh it is pretty insane. I think the discord I mean the discord is thousands of people just in there alone. Uh so yeah it's it's definitely uh it's definitely a movement uh which is very exciting and it what we were hoping would happen seems to be happening which is this is bigger than just a revenue cide project. It's really like a massive global thing that are it's giving people sort of that little motivation to to ship a thing that they've always wanted to work on or maybe they've been working on for years but just never had the motivation to actually put it out in the public. Um and speaking of that uh the Shipatan IRL events happening all over the world. They're going on still. Uh there's been a lot of them. There was one in Delhi a couple days ago. Uh there's a couple coming up which I'll talk about in a second. But last night, uh, very exciting for me, there was one in my hometown in St. Louis. Uh, this was actually the first like proper meetup that we've done with this, uh, group that I've been trying to get built with some people, uh, locally. And it was extremely fun. We had people basically showcase their indie apps that they've been building. Um Dan, one of the people who started this group with me, uh he is the prototypical example of who I was hoping would join this this competition, which is great iOS developer. He's had a collection of indie apps that he's built over the years, but he's literally never shipped one of them to the app store cuz they were never they were never good enough. Uh and so when we started this, I was like, you just you just got to pick one and ship it. And so he took an app that he's been building, I think he said, since 2022. Uh, and he's just been using it for him, his own side project. It's a like a medication tracking app. Um, and he's polishing it up. He presented it here. It looks honestly amazing. Uh, and he showed it off and he's I'm going to make sure he truly will ship this app because, uh, it it looks awesome. But this is exactly what this whole thing is for. And so it's very exciting to have an event, uh, locally. Also, you can see famous St. Louis style food there. We have uh St. Louis style pizza, which most people from St. Louis don't actually like, and then toasted ravioli, which most people do like, which is just fried ravioli, but if you call it fried, it doesn't sound as healthy as toasted does. Uh so very fun night. Uh and then there's a whole bunch of IRL events happening very soon, too. So there's one in Barcelona on Thursday. Uh there's one in Bengaluru, which I'll actually be in Bangaluru a few weeks later for uh Swift Barat. if you're there, uh, hit me up because I would love to to see you and you should go to Swift Barat. That conference is going to be awesome. Uh, and then also there's an event in Manila on Saturday. Um, and keep keep up with uh, shipon.com and go to the IRL events page to keep seeing all the events that keep happening and find one in your area because there are a ton of them. All right, so let's get to Tempo. I'm gonna pass it over to you, Brandon. I think you have the the screen share and show us what uh what Tempo does and uh how we can all take advantage of it. >> Cool. Yeah, let me see if I can do this properly. >> All right. And I should say I should have made a uh I should have made a slide for this, but uh there is Oh, you you have it right there. If you go to tempo.com/shippeton, uh you guys have a special deal for Shippeton uh participants that they can take part in. >> Yeah. I don't know why it's collapsing into this format, so I'm just going to keep it like this. Hopefully that works. >> Yes. >> All right. Cool. Um so, thanks so much. Appreciate the introductions. Appreciate everyone uh joining us today. Hopefully, we can give you a little bit better introduction to Tempo if you aren't familiar with us. Uh, as alluded to earlier, I'm Brandon. I'm um sure the architect of growth as as per my LinkedIn, but I think that's more of a play on words given the industry we're in. Um, in uh in actuality, my title is head of growth here at Tempo and partner where I oversee the business side of the company. So everything from sales, operations, marketing, um but most importantly connecting with our audiences and our users to help continue to grow the company. Joining me today is uh Harry from our growth team. Um he'll be pitching in in terms of questions, keeping track of those things as we go through this, probably calling me out on certain things that I miss to bring up. But um Harry, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add. I don't know if you can talk while I'm talking. I'm not sure with this platform. >> We'll we'll see if it works. Hi, nice nice to meet everyone. Uh excited for Brandon's pitch and then Q&A at the end. It's probably when I'll do a little bit more of my talking. Um but excited for the presentation and to meet each and every one of you guys. >> And as a quick reminder, uh ask questions. Please do. I will awkwardly interrupt uh at any point to to bring those in because again, that's the point of doing these live. >> Yeah. similar to I awkwardly interrupted you a few times. That's what we're here for. >> That's what That's what it's all about. Yeah. Otherwise, it's just a it's just a video. What's the point? >> Yeah. No. Uh for sure. I'm I I love that idea. I like to keep things a little bit more casual. Uh to be perfectly honest, you know, we were polishing this this deck up and kind of putting together some ideas up till I think all of five minutes before we kick this off. So, um, we we very much play the game fast and loose, and I think that's that's the spirit of the company, too, is we're always evolving, always trying to make sure everything's up to date, and that's ideally what we're bringing to the table here. So, before we kick off, uh, I just wanted to reference that um, we do have a like a private landing page for the Shipon for for people that are registered through that. Um, we're offering everyone that goes and sign ups or if they're already an existing Tempo user, they can still get access to it, but 150 credits. It's essentially equivalent to like one month free of uh our starting paid tier. So, good good opportunity if you want to test things out in Tempo, go a little bit beyond the free tier and um learn a little bit more about what's possible within our platform. And I say what's possible because frankly speaking, even if you tried that a few months ago or or maybe it was as early as January of this year, there's a lot that's changed, a lot that evolved. And uh yeah, that's going to be a bit about what I'm talking about today is essentially talking about the scope of how tempo is relevant in the scope of application development, software development, obviously with a focus in terms of mobile application development. But the key theme here is that um we're actually rising beyond the scope of vibe coding. It's not to say that vibe coding isn't a piece of tempo, but what we want users to understand is that there's a utility beyond that. There's a feasibility to take a project perhaps that's already built, so an existing infrastructure or to take a product or UI perspective and actually draw things out similar to how you would in Figma, but have it be a code for a solution. So with that the theme of today's presentation is the r rise of design engineering. Um and effectively obviously I'm going to talk about it under the principle of tempo powering that. So what exactly is tempo? Um feels like a design tool works like an ID powered by AI. So, you know, we launched our self-s served product in late December of essentially last year. So, coming up on on nine months ago and at the time that was the crux of you know this this vibe coding industry we start to see a lot you know buzz around it. Obviously, we've seen the success of companies like Bold, Lovable, um, in addition to, you know, the opposite end of the spectrum where developers have really started to merge themselves in tools like VS Code, Cursor. Um, it's a really exciting time, but one of the things that really is important to understand is that Tempo, like I said earlier, wasn't built to just be a like this vibe coding tool. It's not just a prompt to um output solution. The real power of Tempo is the fact that it's built in a way that it can handle complex code structures. We're effectively enabling complex complex applications to operate and function within Tempo, but also so that people can use it in an environment that feels familiar to them. So the way that we like to simplify it down is essentially tempo is like Figma and cursor had a baby where the UI feels a lot like the traditional tools that a designer or product team would be used to but the output is still react codebased and essentially what that creates is a really unique environment that can help whether you're starting something from scratch or building something for like the shipeton here or you're an existing user like for example Charlie was brought brought up his friend that built the iOS app. You can import that existing codebase into Tempo and build on top of that. So pretty like that. That's a highlevel definition. Hopefully as we kind of go through some of these these next pieces here, you'll get a better understanding. But if there's any questions or things that pop up as discussed, don't hesitate. Um before I kind of go a little deeper, we I really like this I really like this tweet. Uh it's coming up on close to a year old now which is which is a bit crazy. Uh I you know Charlie you were talking about earlier how last year you only had 1500 people as part of the shipon and this year you know you're close to 50,000. I think in principle if you look back over a year ago just where AI was what impact it had on software development we were in different worlds you know and frankly speaking next year will probably be in a completely different spectrum and so um that's just an interesting insight but the point being of this topic here is that the scope of AI's kind of implications in software development has been plentiful especially from a code generation standpoint but we haven't seen the same impact on product. We have seen a level of prototyping iteration but not necessarily integration from an enterprise level. And so when we start to think about the scope of a traditional product team, we're still seeing, you know, obviously this interest and groups still doing traditional workflows going from Figma copy developers implement circle circle loops um of kind of iteration and so there's still a huge gap and that's the gap that really Tempo is trying to address and where we position ourselves that perhaps differentiates us from other people in the industry or other companies in the industry. It's not to say that they're worse or we're better. It's just to say that we're targeting a different branch and that's going to be really fundamental actually to some of the pieces especially as we over the next month there's some pretty exciting announcements that are going to be coming out to play uh about Tempo's direction. So um instead of just listening to me blabble and going through boring slides, I thought why not highlight this through a video. This is uh a couple it's relatively speaking like fresh in the sense that it's it's only a couple months old, but there's still a few things that are different within the application. But I'm I'm going to play this, let you guys um see and and hear for yourselves in terms of what tempo actually is. And if Charlie or or Harry, if the audio isn't coming through properly, please just stop me and we'll figure it out. Take that back. Won't you let me go? You never come back. I'mma be the best that you never had. [Music] I like I like I like [Music] But there is one more Come on. [Music] >> Feel like every time >> Steve Jobs Steve Jobs One More Thing drop is pretty good. It's so we have we have a a really talented in creative individual. He's uh part of our team that does all of our all of our content creation stuff like this. And um a lot of the tracks and things too. He'll mix and we have a really big video coming out in a month that yeah stay stay tuned. That one is going to be it's absolute fire. But yeah, definitely playing off of a few of those things. Um, we're not quite at like the level like we it's definitely a different production than perhaps like the the viral cluey videos that are going out these days. Not not that not necessarily as um, you know, what's the word I'm looking for? Uh, provocative, but hopefully still interesting. Um, so anyways, uh, yeah, hopefully that was a a good little tease to to the application. Obviously, more of a marketing video, but it it is it does kind of highlight what I was talking about earlier in the sense of building applications using the chat features, but also having the stylistic ability to operate similar to what you would in Figma. Um, there's some really cool features that we've recently built in similar like you can drag uh drag and drop components, you can highlight selected things and create custom components and asset layers. And uh, one of the things I'm going to talk about later that I think is probably the most impactful uh or or primary differentiator tempo has is the fact that you can build on top of your existing design system. So for example, we're working with some enterprise groups like uh Salesforce, Guideware, and the insurance industry uh where they have their own custom design systems that are used to develop applications and you can do that all within Tempo. So cool cool example. But before I get too off topic, what does this slide mean? Um 10 times development velocity. So I I think listen, this this isn't a new topic. This is something that especially folks that are probably on this call or you know anyone involved in our industry has has recently kind of come across is the idea of what does AI do in terms of development velocity? What can it bring to the top table? How can you know one person do the job of 10? And for us so yes tempo like it says in the top line is is not just um mobile apps. We're also web apps. But the the solution that I say we're needing to address here is not it is the first thing is about speed. You know the next thing though is probably the bigger one is when we talk about you know developing applications there's a bit of a false kind of how do I put this a false prelude within the industry where folks uh have made you know maybe people that don't come from an industry and that's involved with this or or have you know zero technical background and and they think that you can just use an AI solution and go from zero to 00 and have everything be production ready, ready to ship, whether even >> the the one shot. >> Yeah, exactly. >> thing. Yeah. >> Exactly. Like the idea of like one prompt to solve it all. >> Um and I think that's, you know, it's highly misleading. The reality of the fact is AI tools get you to zero to 85. you know, you get pretty far, but there's still a level of human that needs to be part of that picture to really get something to production grade. Um, and I think, listen, if even if we talk about like developing things and pushing things to the app store, it requires a level of effort. It's not something that happens in 10 minutes, it generally speaking takes a little bit of time and effort to get that across the line. And frankly, that's something that we're very honest about. It's like the idea is to get things, you know, to a production quality, but then recognize the fact that you still are probably going to need a little bit more effort to make sure you have your O set up properly, your database set up properly, your security settings. And for us, that's at the root of what we're trying to do. Build something that offers an experience that is seamless, reliable, and built to last. So, not only do we want people to have that experience using Tempo, but also we want them to be able to build products that offer that to their customers. And it >> question that just came in by the way uh is >> kind of related I guess uh because you mentioned you can build mobile apps or web apps, but they're asking if you could build games like 2D games or even 3D games with this or is this primarily like productivity app kind of >> Yeah, it's more productivity productivity related. So like from a framework standpoint, what we're pushing out with Tempo is generally speaking React, React Native Code. Um so and then in terms of deployments, it's through Expo, Vit and um Nex.js as kind of like the primary scope. So not too much on the on the actual mobile application or sorry mobile games space. In theory, you certainly could with that, but I would say that our product is is a little bit more geared towards um productivity and and action. >> Yeah, >> I I can I can fill in here very very briefly. Um to answer your question and my apologies if I mispronounced the name uh Mantis. Um there was a lot of hesitation there, but in short, yes. Um, obviously both myself and Brandon are more focused on the growth side of the business, but we both play around with the Tempo software. It sounds a bit nerdy, but just for fun. And I have played around myself. And you are definitely able to build either 2D or 3D games through the software. >> I would imagine like a like a puzzle type game or something that >> behaves in a similar way to Productivity App. >> Exactly. It's not like the software itself isn't built for like like our the tools that we've built in here are not necessarily to like provide like that that fun well I shouldn't say fun as Harry said we do have quite a bit of fun making stuff in the application. Um but it's definitely not geared towards gaming. Yeah, I would say based on what I've seen playing around with it a little bit myself, uh I think it would be easier to build a game using this than it would be any of the other vibe coding tools I've ever seen because you do have that actual visual control. Uh you're not sitting there prompting to try and convince it to make some artwork that looks a certain way or whatever. Um so yeah, it would be interesting. I'd be I'd be very interested to see somebody try to build like that. >> Listen, listen. Please go for it. And I'll tell you what, if you try to build a really cool game, hit me up. I will give you more free prompts. I'm interested. Yeah. Where you could take this. We will support this vision. >> Thanks for the question, man. >> Yeah, thank you very much. Hopefully I provided hopefully we we we all provided a level of clarity in terms of what's feasible with all of our mixed answers there. Um anyways, so as I go through, so the next piece is like okay, what is obviously this is this is mobile oriented. So how do we how do we kind of support that? So Tempo is partnered with Expo. Obviously Expo is a big piece of mobile application development. Um, frankly speaking, you know, they're just a great team. We when we looked at the best way that we could, you know, we started off as a a web-based development company, like it was purely just React and we were like, how do we support mobile? And that's where we started talking with the Expo team. How can we integrate Expo with Intempo? How can we make it so that it still operates in the way that we'd like to? And um honestly they're just a a really great team that we feel is aligned to us and their vision of deploying like actual structured applications that can then be pushed to app store the app store in addition to the fact that frankly we we feel like they're probably one of the most reliable groups out there. Um and obviously they support web- based development. So all of that together to say that um how it works in terms of our mobile development is simple. So your screen may look a little bit different than mine depending on depending on um what you're doing. And what I say there is because I have some design systems that are already looped into here from some companies that we're already working with. But uh nonetheless, you'll still see this framework element vx.js and expo. you just select expo and then um that will enable you to be able to kind of go down the path of creating uh a react native application. The other thing that you can do is you can actually import your existing repo into tempo. So say you're not building from Strat. Say you've already started something and you're like which is actually something that happens quite often. We have groups come to us and say we want to put this into tempo. We want to get our teams using the infrastructure that you have set up to try and build faster. Um, and so yes, it can involve a little bit of support from our side just depending on the dependencies and how things are set up, but it usually is something that can be put together within 24 hours to get pretty complex applications up and running in tempo. Uh anyways, so talking about complex applications. So um I wanted to highlight a few groups that are actually using Tempo groups that we're actively working with ourselves. So one of the things that's really unique to Tempo is we're not just a SAS company. We're not just a product. We actually help companies in terms of articulating their vision um through our services model. So it's professional services. It's it's it's almost like the Palunteer model of seeing you know custom software development and how it plays into the role. So what we do is we use tempo as a source of truth but we still embed a designer and a developer into the project and we worked handinhand with our clients to help them develop their applications. So um the first example that I'll that I'll highlight here is Dakota Prep. They are live in the app store. Um they have thousands of users across North America between the US and Canada. Essentially what it is is an application um where companies or sorry individuals that are that are going through I think it's starting off with just electrical school right now but so they're trying to become electricians and it's like a study training tool. So it's like helps them in terms of going through their testing, understanding um you know what's what's relevant to the industry at the time and and likewise what they need for the to pass their their test. I'm not going to pretend I'm an expert or an electrician here, so I don't want to go too deep. um all of these elements in terms of like I could pull up their specific canvases to to show some of these elements but for the sake of time I'm going to reserve that to just highlight one at the end there in terms of what we did for this actual uh presentation. Another cool one uh is Entra Mobility Harry I think they're also a YC company like yeah literally back at the top. So fellow YC company um we recently started working with them and uh this is the reason why I want to highlight this is they actually started outside of Tempo. So like this was not built in Tempo but we integrated their application into Tempo and you can see how it's up and running. Um the right side is just a screenshot from inside where you actually click the page. Um this is a uh web end mo web and native application. So you can see the screenshots. um in a uh mobile format. And so what you're getting the input that I wanted to show here is although it's a visual output, you can see all that code behind the hood which not necessarily too new. Um but the value of being able to essentially change any of these elements from a design perspective is what really kind of differentiates itself. Mind spirit, another one here. This is highlighting a couple of different things. So what we did with this one is they actually um had Figma designs that were actually starting to go like they that they were ready to go from the start. And so we're not big on the scope of reinventing the wheel. So we recently actually just pushed out a bunch of changes to our Figma plugin to really improve the performance of it. So essentially you can copy paste directly into Figma using um our there's really nice UI now. Before it was pretty shitty. We called that out ourselves in our latest update. I think it's called volume three that we pushed if you want to check that out on YouTube. But essentially what this is is we imported the designs from Figma. Those designs then kind of prop in. You can see the little Figma import button on the top left and then it starts to talk about like the code changes that are being put in here to build out those actual components. Um I also wanted to show something in here. So there's one potential error where we say fix with AI or hire a human. And this is an important distinction where it's like listen AI is not perfect. And I talked about this earlier, but there's this uh over glorification of what the power of AI can do. And you know, don't get me wrong, it's it's incredible what we've been able to achieve, but there certainly comes a place in terms of like this AI slop. And um that's something that we're pretty vocal about in the sense of saying like certain places there's going to require a human to come in. Um whether that's us, we have the option to hire a human in terms of like someone can come into your project on an hourly rate and come and help you guys out or you can run through the cycle of fix with the AI which generally speaking you can resolve problems but depending on the complexity. Um having those options is and that flexibility is super powerful especially for individuals we talk about like indie development. Um so folks that you know maybe have a background that can get pretty far but that last mile is presenting a lot of challenges. So instead of spending 20 hours trying to do something uh you can get the support that you need for with within an hour and have that fixed up and ready to go. So pretty cool option >> and this this kind of feels relevant to a question we got in earlier too. Uh and maybe you'll talk more about this as we go but uh Abdella Roman asks how do you ensure the code that Tempo generates today can scale and remain maintainable as the project grows beyond just an MVP to a production ready team-driven application. Yeah, I think this is a really this is actually more of a topic than a direct question. And for us >> um for us the way that we think about production grade applications is where like we're we're pretty vocal about the fact that we don't think that pure software is sufficient in terms of like scalable code applications. Like as you're like sure building an MVP getting something to market but as you start to scale that code base there still does you you need a that human in a loop perspective whether it's from the design side in terms of optimizing UA UI creativity understanding how humans feel and think and making sure that you're articulating what your customers want to see rather than just standard components and templates in addition to from a software perspective like data architecture. How is your app functioning? How is it scaling? How do you have your security parameters set up? So like to answer that question is twofold. So tempo the way that we work is yes, there's an ID code functionality here, but ultimately speaking, you're pushing this code into your existing repo. So you're pushing that code to get like many of these other applications. And frankly speaking, there needs to be an expert involved as you scale to production quality. Um, and that's essentially that gut check on AI. It's funny, we even use AI to gut check our output before we pass it through to another human in terms of our team. So even having like testing implemented with like claude so that you can have additional checks and code structure to say, hey, is everything that I want to be done built within this? what are potential challenges that are within my codebase? So, like that question is is like I said, it's a bit of a Pandora's box. It's a topic more than necessarily direct answer. >> But the easiest way for me to answer how we handle it is the fact that >> like code bases and tempo can be imported in, they can be worked on locally. It's can be pushed to your local repo. So you have that flexibility to essentially like if you operate in an environment outside of tempo and bring it back in, it'll still function. So that level of flexibility enables you to scale and use additional tools beyond perhaps what's just involved with Tempo. And that level of that that is how we support that growth. It feels like the the sort of ethos behind this tool is very different than than most of these other sort of vibe coding tools in the sense that it's really built more around a speed booster after burner for a ship that's already running and uh but you still need to make sure the ship's pointed in the right direction. It's not like >> Yes. >> go and you just keep asking. >> What's that? >> I said thank you captain being the captain of the >> Yeah, I didn't even think about that. I can't I can't help but bring the uh the the ship metaphor. >> No, you're 100% right. I I think you know that's a that's a really actually great point to bring up right now is tempo the way that we've built application is it's not a lightweight application like it is it's built on top of storybooks yes but like the container structure is it can handle these complex applications so it's very important for that from an existing application and more robust code structure but frankly speaking that also enables that individual user that indiv individual creator to have a level of sophistication. So you can go beyond the scope. You can still build from scratch and have that confidence that that output is going to be flexible depending on, you know, what you're looking to achieve. Um like I'll be honest, if you're just building a landing page tempo, yes, you can do it. But frankly speaking, there's probably another tool that would work a little bit better in terms of like that that initial output. Um, but if you're looking to build something like a full application of that production, that's where tempo really thrives. >> Is there a specific recommendation you have for if if you're starting from scratch and you want to make sure that the the output you get is architected in a way that you can you can pick it up and run with it even outside of tempo. Uh, and it's it's architecture is structured in a way that you can continue to work off of it. Is there specific things that you should do or is tempo kind of from like internally is it built so that it will always use like common patterns and common uh uh code structures so that it feels familiar to a react uh developer. Yeah, I think listen the way that tempo is built obviously like similar to other tools we're using reusable components you know Tailwind shad CN is like the source of truth that level of um that sorry I just got a Slack message that popped up I thought I had my notifications turned off um that level of like standardization is really important and that's honestly how AI is able to you know kind of continue to push past barriers in as an industry is by standardizing outputs. Um the idea of integrating context into the application is certainly feasible as well. Obviously we put some level of guidance and you know we we've done our our own level of engineering in the back end to make sure that the output is standardized to a certain no I don't want to say standardized but perhaps like maintained to a certain level of quality and output. But the honest answer I will have in terms of like safety nets and like paths to to that is frankly speaking like you should have someone involved in a project that understands a codebase. Like it shouldn't be a Pandora's box to you. It shouldn't be something that you have absolutely zero knowledge of because that's just a risk. And like listen, if you're pushing something out for for you and your, you know, your family or friends to you, who cares? But if you're actually like trying to get something approved on the app store or if you're looking to build a business, that's where you have to take things a little bit more seriously and and understand the fact that you can't just rely on the output of something like this. Um, so that's what I that's that's kind of what I would say is like there's there's safety nets built in, but frankly speaking, you as a user also have to understand what you're looking to achieve and then match the resources accordingly. >> Cool. Yeah, that makes sense. >> All right. Um, we are nearing the end here, but I wanted to bring up um the scope of, you know, proofs in the pudding so to say and kind of show this. So yesterday I got one of our uh designers to kind of mock up a linear sort of say like mobile version within tempo. So to be directly honest essentially this is about four hours of work in terms of um what the team put together. And I'm just going to pull this up so that we can do a little bit of a live demo in Tempo so that people have a bit of an better understanding of how things work and um what that environment looks like and hopefully that provides a little bit more clarity as well. It's going to take >> and this was this is a design that was mocked up in Figma. >> Uh no, this was all done in tempo. >> In tempo directly. Okay. Okay, cool. >> Yeah. >> And I don't know if you're sharing we're seeing the slides. Not yet, but >> okay, >> it's okay. Now it's coming. >> There we go. >> So, it's just loading the boards here. Um, there may be a few things in here that aren't perfect. As discussed, that is simply because, like I said, there's as you start to build things out that are more complex, you start to understand, oh, this is just a theme issue. But honestly, so what I want to do here is just give you guys an idea of what was done. So pretty simple inspiration. This is that scope of starting from zero. So linear inspired cananban interface. Essentially this is rebuilding the cananban structure. Um this is an expo application. So everything in here can be run within that environment. Um I can also you what you can do is you can also preview a tab preview on your phone. So you can actually open this up in the expo application. Uh all of these elements are essentially unique storyboards. So these are all unique pieces to the application. And so if we go and you click each one of these elements, you can actually see in terms of understanding like the code bases of each one of these unique elements. This is just a preview error. Actually if you actually go into the application um which I can show you if I open this in a new tab you can see that it actually looks correct. And then if we look at it from like a mobile version um you can see that everything there is is also looking a little bit better. Let me go back to this screen. So yes code. Now we talk about design. So there's some really important pieces to this is essentially like the way that we've built these applications and kind of to support these elements is to integrate both on the side of having like standardized elements. So here you can see these essentially this is Tailwind um like as a backbone in terms of it. Now all these elements though like you can essentially look at them and make any sort of changes that you want either using the AI or you can start to use the actual design tool panel. So that level of flexibility I think is probably one of the unique elements to tempo that that is you know a bit cool. Other things here is you can actually interact with that page in terms of um seeing how it works. So you can see this actually is fully functioning. Normally I'm doing this with a mouse. So I'm trying to figure out how to use a keypad again correctly. >> So you can interact with it in the design board. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Wow. >> So you can actually like see how it functions within the design. You can understand like >> all of the unique pieces to that >> page. And then you just click design again. Um and then you start to go through things here. I don't know. Let's change the style on here in terms of like make the color a nice background yellow. Um >> and that right there you can see it looks like it's that's using the design system that you've already >> that's correct >> imported. Yeah. >> Okay. >> So um this is what I wanted to show here but essentially you can also track where all the changes are made. >> So everything in here is your full history. This is everything I was doing AI edit file in terms of fixing some stuff up. But this is essentially like the style change. So then if you want to, you can also just command see it and essentially revert back. And then if I reload the page, there was an error, but if you reload the page, there we go. It goes back and it essentially reverts the code back as well. So, um, pretty unique aspects to it. The elements in terms of like there's some other cool functionality in here. So, like we have like the MCP app store built into here. This is done with a partner of ours, but essentially you have access to I should have connected a Superbase back end before doing this so that you could see it, but there's about I think 42 unique players that you can integrate with Firebase, Stripe, other elements like that. um 11 labs. Just some cool pieces in terms of getting those working. Uh Figma extension. Oh, I didn't mean to click that, but well, actually, I guess we can take a look at it. This essentially is just a Figma plugin that enables you to copy and paste things directly. Cool little addition, especially if you're wanting to bring things over. Um I realize we're kind of getting near the end of time. I'm back on the application now. I hope some of the other things that are really unique here is the local editing. So collaboration is what tempo is intended for. Like this product is intended for product and development to work together. So in essence, you can essentially like for we talk a lot about how this tool is built for design, but we also wanted to make it so that developers could work in a local environment and that have that code essentially reflected. So you can use any of these local editors and they update in tandem. So think of like almost like a hot reload state where if you make a change in windsurf that will automatically be reflected in the code on tempo. So you have an environment that is able to support both sides of the perspective and that's pretty powerful especially as we start talking about more enterprise and larger scopes. Um other pieces here is just like these are just essentially the different pieces of the application storybook components. This is where you can create your own reusable components so that you can kind of start to build even your own design system. Uh community it's not necessarily necessary. Uh get settings is where you just pull things in. Yeah, those are those are very high level pieces. There's a lot more to the application, but hopefully this gives you an idea of what's feasible within Tempo. If we I don't think there's anything else I want to talk about on that. So maybe I'll just go back to this tab because we're running out of time. Um, and to articulate the final thought I would say here is I mentioned the proofs in the pudding in terms of an application of whether you build in it. So the truth for us is the fact that we run tempo on tempo. So we've integrated our own tempo design system into the application. We build on top of that. So any changes think of for example UI changes like I don't know um how does a user share the project in terms of like the modal that pops up. Those changes aren't made by soft like our developers that go in and do it. It's made by our product team. The product team will make that change and they'll ship a PR that gets reviewed by the developers before it gets merged. So essentially we've rethought the process. And so when we think about the future of digital innovation and the future of software development, it's it's empowering teams with AI. It's not necessarily replacing them. It's not replacing you and I. Perhaps it's restructuring how a team is built, but there's still going to be that need for the human, at least based on our interpretation of what the future will hold. The agentic experience of the future is more about empowerment than replacement. And that's ultimately what tempo is built for. It's built to empower teams. It's built to empower individual individuals. and it's built to essentially enable you to take advantage of AI in a way that is meaningful whether that's for mobile or web-based development that can happen within the Tempo platform. So anyways, I'm going to end there. I've spent far too much time talking. Hopefully it was useful. Um as discussed there, if if you are a Shupon member, please feel free to go into our website at that domain there. You'll be able to get 10 free prompts. Um, if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to me directly or Harry. Uh, we can find us on LinkedIn. Probably should have included emails or something on here, but that's okay. Um, yeah, that's that's it from my side. Do we have any questions or things that we'd like to to go through? Harry, any specific pieces that you wanted to add? >> Yeah, there's there are a few more questions. Uh, I definitely want to get in. And I think we have I think we have time, but I just want to say first like this was super helpful. Uh cuz I've played with a lot of these tools and especially the more like kind of generic type of prompt in a box, get out an app. Those you can demo pretty easily like yourself because they're pretty straightforward. That that's kind of the point. Yeah. >> But with this one, uh it was a lot harder to >> to just try it because the point is you're building something complex with it. And so seeing those examples was actually extremely helpful. >> It's it's funny. It's a very much a double-edged sword. And >> yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> When we launched, we were in the like I said the midst of that vibe coding perspective. And so we got looped into that. And if I'm being even more honest, the product itself was not at a level where it was scalable at that time. you know, it was it was almost like I don't want to say prematurely brought to market, but it was brought to market in the sense where we learned a lot. We learned a lot about what users were doing. We learned a lot about what we needed to do, >> and we're pretty excited about where the product is at now. And uh like I said, within the next month, there's going to be some pretty big announcements in that direction. And um I I'm fairly confident that people will be very excited to give us another go and and try out the application if they did already. And um yeah, I I'll leave it at that for now. >> Cool. Uh well, I'll get to these questions just before we run out of time here. So, >> sure. >> Uh Love Lee, which uh if that's a real name, that's an amazing real name. Uh asks, uh can Tempo write the documentation resource for apps created within Tempo? It'd be cool to get the PRD mermaid flowchart and documentation. >> I think that's one of This must have been a softball coming at me here. Um, that that's a that's one of the coolest things about Tempo is the way that we start is expand like if you're starting from scratch like you can put in a prompt and it will write a PRD from that. It will then turn that into a mermaid flowchart where you'll actually understand a user flow. And in terms of like supplementary documentation beyond that, I would kind of ask like what exactly are you looking for there? But um the those two pieces are the critical components. And then you can actually prompt the AI to make changes. So you can say hey I actually don't want that direction. I don't like this flow. I want to improve this or I want you know within the PRD you want it say you're building Airbnb but you want it to look like the same interface as I don't know Dyson a lot more clean um you can essentially bring that into it and then that PRD will will evolve so that it structured in a way to meet that so yes to answer your question you can write that level of documentation have that level of support >> is the is the prompt pretty open-ended like could you ask it to write uh one pager doc explaining how this system works or something like that or is it or is the prompting generally like to make code changes? >> No, you can ask questions in it like you can talk to it like Jarvis. It can become your best friend. >> Uh that's yeah that's another that's another uh deep dive topic. Yeah, exactly. Charlie, you and I are going to have to go for a beer or something. >> Yes. Yes. Next time I'm in Toronto. Uh Vlad also asks, uh, which I have thoughts on this too, is is it better to originally use Swift for building the app or other applications like Tempo, etc. Obviously, you all are going to be a little biased uh on this one, but I'm going to guess your answer is don't use Tempo, just use Swift directly, right? >> Yeah. Exactly right. Why would you bother using Tempo? I'll say my answer and I'm coming at this I'm coming at this as a primarily Swift developer that also does other languages. Uh I think if you're wanting to take advantage of the sort of massive growth in AI tools, you should use React Native. That's pretty much just like a full stop easy answer because that's where that's where the juice is. Uh, I think in large part, you can correct me if I'm wrong, but the corpus of training data when it comes to React and React Native is just so much larger that the models are just way better at working with it. Um, >> yeah, I think if you think about like the future of development and where things are heading, it's clearly more rooted in React and React Native, like you're seeing a lot more interest in the scalability of it. So I think there's there's always going to be like legacy and how does legacy impact the future and we we we see that a lot especially even in terms of enterprise of like understanding like the evolution you know we have people that have you know started to migrate and they come to us and say hey can you help us with that process can you take what's existing so if you have an existing swift app and you're like hey I want to kind of evolve that we can chat about that too. Um, but yeah, I'm not going to listen, I'm not going to come at this directly and say, "No, just use tempo because I think a lot of people have like their own experience and and you know, that's going to guide the direction they go." But I will say that if you have the ability and if you are interested in trying something new and I would recommend Tempo, >> I I would just say filling filling in there very briefly. Um, as Brandon was sort of getting at, we do work with a couple, I say like enterprise legacy teams that are currently porting over from Swift and obviously everyone has their opinions. Um, there there's pros and cons to both, but we do have certain those clients. Our team is able to support. We have a couple different models uh because it's a little bit more of a manual lift. There could be more time-sensitive notions where we do have this sort of agent plus model where we more or less combine our own humans. So people that are experts in tempo more or less pairing the software with humans in the loop to make sure we're building I'd say more complex end to end features whether you don't have those humans or you don't want to be allocating your resources in that sense that's where that model sort of comes in but it's it's a very uh I would say common question me and Brandon are of course biased um but um obviously always recommend to do your own research And if you are looking to port over there support there. >> Yeah. I I think the main advantages to going with with Swift or or Cotlin like writing native basically is if your goal is to make that sort of super highcrafted indie darling app that that uses all of the like native features that you know iOS offers. um you might have an easier time doing that, you know, natively with Swift. Uh the other piece, which this is an interesting trade-off that this boom in AI tools has created, is I used to always say it's always easier to if if you don't care about making it crossplatform, especially if you're an indie developer and you're just getting started, it's easier to go with Swift and iOS because the build process is so much easier. Like Xcode is this big hulking mass, but it's a single app that you download from the Mac App Store even and then you can write your code and then you can upload it to App Store Connect and ship it from that app. It's this kind of simple contained thing. If you want to do stuff that's complicated, it can start getting very complicated and even annoying compared to other tool sets. But for a small case, it's it's easier than like the React Native build pipeline is kind of confusing. I think the thing that's changed is one is the tools like Tempo making it so much easier to just get started and kind of get that infrastructure built up uh from scratch. And then two, the other thing is Expo uh seems to be making it way easier to kind of go from zero to shipped in the store uh uh compared to what it used to be. But I think those are kind of the trade-offs that you're kind of that you're kind of looking at. At least from my perspective, I still love >> has changed the game like >> Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. it fully changed the game. >> And so like without that it'd be very difficult for us to have a tool that is both web and mobile compatible. >> Like it would be extremely difficult. So um yeah, I completely agree with you there. >> Cool. Well, um let's see. I can share really quickly here the sort of ending. Uh so thank you all for coming. Uh Thursday we have our next webinar because these are just still on trucking. Uh and it's going to be about ASO tactics uh and building your kind of initial audience. Uh which is really exciting especially as more and more of you are getting kind of your first version shipped out there um and looking for ways ways to grow your app. Uh so that one will be really excited uh exciting. Definitely join us for that. And uh with that, thank you all for joining. And Brandon and Harry, thank you so much for coming on and sharing with us about Tempo. >> Thanks, Charlie. Appreciate the time. >> All right. See you all the next time. Bye.