Okay, I think we are live. Manny, how is it going? >> What's up, Matt? How's it going? Happy to be doing part two of the Replet Revenue Cat collab. It's been too long. Um, so excited to be here. Excited to talk to some of these folks that are in the shipon. Excited. Also, I'm seeing some folks from our community here as well in the chat. What's up, everybody? Great to see you. >> Awesome. Yeah, great. Uh, everyone everyone that's joining, I can see people filtering filtering in. Um, let us know let us know where you're joining from. Say hello. Uh, give us a Yeah, give us a give us a wave just to make sure everything is is working. But it looks like looks like it is looks like we're streaming everywhere that we should be, which is a which is a good start. Um, awesome. All right, Manny, I'm going to share my screen. Uh, so we can get get going. >> Let's do it. What's up, KG Kelly? Non got the heavy hitters here in the chat today. [laughter] >> Awesome. Um, all right. So, uh, this, for anyone that might not be aware, this is, uh, an official, uh, Shippeton live stream in partnership with Replet. Uh, and I'm sure there's plenty of folks here thinking, uh, what is what is Shippeton? Um, who are Revenue Cat and who's this weird Matt guy that's talking? Um, but don't worry, all of that all of that will become clear. We're going to we're going to share a bit more. um on all of that before we kind of dive into the main topic. Uh but yeah, as as kind of Manny said, the main the main reason we're here today uh is to go over how to go from uh idea all the way through to published app. Uh and today the focus is on mobile apps. So, we're going to be talking about how to use Replet agent to come up with an idea um to build a mobile app, to integrate revenue cap, which is a tool that can help you to monetize uh your mobile app, add subscriptions and inapp purchases, uh and then to do the really easy part, which is to get onto the store and get through App Store Connect. Uh so, we're going to go through going to go through all of that together. So, uh yeah, excited. Um all right, so uh very quickly, in terms of who you're gonna you're going to hear from today, my name is Matt. I look after partnerships at Revenue Cat. We'll talk a bit more about what Revenue Cat is and and how it works with Replet um as we as we get into things. Uh then we have Manny uh from Replet. Uh and then we also have a very special guest uh in Elias who we won't say too much about now. We'll wait for the the big reveal later on. >> Yeah. He'll be jumping on stage a little bit later. Yeah. Yeah, Manny, do you want to do a bit of I mean, I think most people here will know you and recognize you from all of the other Replet live streams, but you want to do a quick intro and and say hi to folks. >> Yeah, absolutely. Great to see all of you, all the new faces in the chat here, Manny. I'm on the community team at Replet and I get to build cool stuff in Replet and share it with the world. I also get to spotlight great builders like Elias, but we also have folks like Noni. We have uh folks like KG, Alva in the chat, these amazing builders that are bringing their creative ideas to life and I get to chat with them and interact with them and support them and boost them up. So happy to be here. happy to share how to go from an idea to an app it in the easiest possible way with Repid and monet monetizing with RevenueCat. So pumped about today's show. >> Awesome. All right. Great stuff. Um so uh as you all know already this is live. The main reason we do these things live is so that they can be interactive. Lots of you already in the chat which is great. But please please please pepper us with questions particularly when Manny is doing the demo. all the hard questions um pop them in the chat so we can um we can get them answered. Uh but we also have um a special shipon Discord. Uh so if you're listening anywhere else because I think we're streaming this in a few places uh and you want to ask a question um you can also hop into the the Discord um and do it there. We'll keep an eye on on that as well um as we're going through. So what is what is Shippeton? Let me take a quick step back and explain um what this is in case there are folks listening that that might not be aware uh what this is. Um so Shipeton is the world's biggest ever uh mobile hackathon uh organized by Revenue Cat. So this is something we run um every year from the 1st of August to the 30th of September. It's a two-month uh window. Um and this year it's bigger, better, kind of bolder than than ever before. Um and really the idea with Shipeton is to get people and incentivize builders um to ship a brand new app onto one of the the app stores. Um that's the challenge. It's to build something new, release it some point between the 1st of August and the 30th of September. Um, and to monetize it. So, they're the only requirements. Um, build something and launch it after the 1st of August, before the 30th of September, and then use the Revenue Cat SDK to monetize. And we'll walk through like how to how to do that, how to integrate Revenue Cat with Replet. Um, and um, and make sure you tick that box. Um, but that's what it's it's all about. Uh, and why why should you take part in in Shippeton? Well, other than just being able to build something and ship something, um we have a ton of cool prizes on offer this year. So, we have over $700,000 in cash uh so far up for grabs. Uh and that amount keeps growing as we have more partners and more sponsors kind of jump on board for for Shipon. Um we're taking over Time Square in New York in October, which I'm I'm pumped about. We've got some billboards. We've got a bit of an activation happening, although I'm not sure I meant to mention that because I think the permits are still pending, but I've done it now, so it's I've said it. Um, but if you win one of our categories, your app will be displayed in Times Square. That picture there is a guy called Connor. He was one of our winners last year with his app payout. So, you can see him standing in front of his his billboard. Um, you also get to come to our Oscars style uh red carpet ceremony called the shippies. Uh, and fun fact, the trophies that we have for for you if you win, um, are designed and built by the same company that make the actual Oscars uh, trophies. So, they're Yeah, they're legit. They're they're they're proper. Um, they also make the, um, the YouTube, you know, the subscriber awards, Manny. Do you Do you have one of those? Actually, have one of those. >> I'm sure Replet does, but I am well short of getting one of those. Plex. >> Okay. [laughter] >> Okay. Well, anyway, it's the same same thing. So, you get you get a pretty a pretty cool trophy. Um, and then we have some other cool prizes listed there. You get to come to Revenue Cats conference that happens in New York the same the same week. Uh, some press coverage. Uh, and then this year we have what we're calling the the Shippeton Growth Fund. Uh, which is a group of investors um that we can make introductions to who might want to kind of partner and and invest in your in your project um if it if it makes sense. So, yeah, some really cool prizes up for up for grabs. Uh, and in terms of how you win one of those prizes, um, well, you've got to enter one of the the categories. Um, and there's a whole bunch of them. And so I'm not going to run through like every single one in detail. If anyone has, uh, questions, um, pop them in the chat and maybe we can kind of cover them as we go through. Um, but there's more information on all of all of these categories on shipon.com. Um, you can go and have a look what what's up for grabs. But a couple just to to call out. So the biggest prize is the grand prize. uh $100,000 uh for the person that builds the app that has the strongest traction, the most growth, the most users in that two-month window. Um, and it's not too late. So, we started 6 days ago, but you can build and ship and get going. And we're going to show you hopefully today how easy that is. And then you've got until the end of September to grow as much as possible. And if you do that, you're in with a chance of winning the winning the grand prize and taking home $100,000, which is pretty cool. >> Amazing. Wow. Um yeah, and then we have um the build in public award, which I'll call out as well. And that one is for anyone that, as it suggests, builds in public. Um and I think this is my my favorite award because if you go to X and you use the shipon hashtag, you can already see people kind of building their projects um in public, sharing what's working, what's not working. Um and that's what we're looking for there, people to to kind of be open with what they're doing and and document their journey. And so that's a that's a cool category to uh to be part of. And then you can see a bunch of others underneath. Manny, we've got a we've got a conflict of interest award which is for revenue cap employees and also sponsor employees. So that's that's the one for me and you to >> Let's go, dude. What's up for grabs there in in >> So there's no cash. There's no cash because that would be a real conflict of interest. So it's I think it's we you still get the billboard in Times Square which is you know which is which >> I take it. Do we get we get flown out to New York for that? get a little trophy, too. >> Flown out to New York. Uh, get a trophy and you get the get the billboard. So, I think that's that's pretty cool. I think the trophy would look good on your your shelves behind you. >> I know. I need it. I'm going to visualize it right now. [laughter] Trophy in the back. >> All right. Nice. Um, I'll quickly call out uh our influencer categories as well. So, one of the um one of the pieces of feedback we've had in the past that actually it can be it can be like difficult just to come up with an idea to begin with. Um and so what we've done this year is partner with five influencers um across different categories and we asked them if you were going to build an app for your audience because they're already producing content for for their audience. What would what would that look like? Um and what's the demographic of your audience? What are the features that would be important? And so if you're struggling to come up with an idea, um you can just build towards one of these categories. So if you go to the Shipeton website, you'll find all of these um influencers listed. You'll be able to find the briefs um and then you can build towards uh towards that. So good place to start if you're kind of struggling with an idea for for an app. >> That's awesome. So you go you go here and then these folks have different ideas that people can pick up and just start building on. >> Yeah, exactly. So they've got a full brief. um they have a video kind of describing what they're looking for, uh information on their audience, demographic, that kind of, you know, demographic information, that kind of stuff. Um, and so, yeah, it gives you like a gives you a good starting point. Um, and so you can and you can build for multiple. There's no restriction here. I should mention that as well. You don't have to to pick just one category. So, you could build for for an influencer, but also enter one of the awards here, right? You could still go for the grand prize, still go for the best design. Um, you can enter multiple categories. There's no restriction there. >> Cool. Awesome. And then we have to mention the replet the special replet category. So as our headline sponsor and we're very very grateful that replet have come on board and are supporting shipon this year. Um we have a dedicated replet uh award category the idea to income. There's $30,000 up for grabs here across the top three top three places. Um, and this really is for anybody that builds their mobile mobile app with Replet, integrates Revenue Cat, and then grows it within this two-month window. And so, if you follow hopefully what Manny is able to demonstrate today from start to finish and get your app on the live on on the on the live uh on the app store um and you've built it with Replet, then you're going to be eligible for for this award. Um, and so this is this is the one to focus on if you're a if you're a Replet builder. >> That's amazing. And do they have to build specifically for this category or can they submit to the other categories and it's just like an add-on that they've built into Replet that they get included in this pool? >> Yeah, exactly. So, you can just um build with Replet and then um you'd be eligible for this category, but you're also eligible for all the other ones as well. >> Perfect. Let's go. Who's going to get it? Who in chat? Let me know. First of all, I'd love to hear in the chat what are you building? Where are you right now? Have you started your project? And let me know which one of these categories you're going to be competing in. Yeah. Nice. It'd be I mean, we're a little bit biased, but it would be cool if we had a replet builder win the grand prize, right? Get the $100,000. That would be a cool story. >> That needs to happen, folks. That needs to happen. Okay. Nadia, I'm looking at you, Elias. Come on, Kelly. We got some heavy hitters here. So, I think I think we have a good chance. >> Nice. Um, Nadia, I'll just I'll just answer your question now because it's a good one, but yeah. Does it have to be an entirely new project? So, it doesn't have to be brand new. It could be something you're already building. Um, it just can't be live on the app store um already. So, it can't have been or it can't be can't have been live before the 1 of August. Um, that's the only requirement around um around that. So, if you were building it in July or early this year, that's fine. Just just can't have been live uh before then. Great. You're going to join. Awesome. >> Let's go. [snorts and laughter] >> All right. So, I have two quick things and then I'm I'm done on Shipon. Um very very quickly when you register for Shipaton so if you if you're listening and you're thinking I can do this uh I fancy joining um you can head to shipon.com to find the details that will link you to dev post where you can sign up um once you sign up you get something called the ship kit um and that is like a a bundle of offers and discounts from from all of our kind of sponsors this year and so some of those are folk can can help you with building part some can help you with the kind of launching your app and then growing your app once it's live on the stores and replet is of course part of that and so there is an offer uh for 40% off Replet Pro as part of the the ship kit. Um so once you sign up you'll receive a unique code which you can then redeem um to go and unlock that. So uh yeah go go if you if you haven't already go and uh go and register and and you'll receive that in your in your inbox straight away. Uh, and then final thing from me is we have a ton of in-person events taking part like throughout the two-month build window across cities all over the world, North America, Europe, Asia, um, everywhere. So, if you go to our website, you can have a look um, where the closest event is to where you are. Um, some of them are hosted by Revenue Cat, some are hosted by local uh, developer groups and and mobile communities. Um, and if you're really inspired and you'd like to host an event, um, we also we're also up for that. we can support you if you want to to run something yourself. We'll send you some swag. We'll send you some food vouchers, that kind of thing. So, you can put on a shipon event um yourself if if interested. So, um would encourage everybody here to to go and go and check that out. >> All right, Manny, I'm going to take a breath. That's everything on Shipon. I think I've covered it all. >> I can see that you're very careful with pronouncing shipkit. [laughter] Caution. Shipkit. Um very neat. Yeah. Cool. Um, do you want to go to the next slide? >> Okay, cool. Hey, Art. Art. Um, everybody, hey, thank you so much for being here. Really quick on Replet. I know I have we have a lot of folks here that are already familiar with Replet, but for anybody new to Replet, just a highlevel description here. And the way that I think about Replet is the ability for you to describe what you want and get a real working app in the easiest possible way in the fastest possible way. And when we're talking about a working app, we're talking about the entire stack. So that could be design, databases, authentication, payments with great integrations with folks like RevenueCat, and also the ability for you to also deploy that app and do that securely all in one place from Rep. And so, as I mentioned at the top of the show, one of the great things about the work that I get to do is talk with folks that have never coded anything in their life and they've been sitting on an idea for sometimes two, three, five years and they find a tool like Replet and they're finally able to bring that idea to life. And so, that's a really neat thing about Replet. And earlier this year, we also included the ability for you to build mobile apps in Replet as well. So, now uh you can build the the app in Replet. you can deploy it and you can send it over to the Apple Store Connect to get it ready for approval to get into the app store. And this has been um huge for folks for builders in our community. Um one of the the issues with building mobile apps, especially for iOS, is that you historically needed a Mac, you needed to work with Xcode. Folks don't want to go through that, especially if you're non-technical. Even if you're technical, that is its own unique stack. It's super tedious to do and we've been hearing like just a lot of great feedback from folks about how easy how much easier it is to build and get your app into the Apple Store ecosystem. So, super excited to walk you through that in just a bit. But first, I think we want to talk a little bit about our guest. If we can head over to the next slide here. >> Okay. So, first let me tell you a little bit about what we're going to be demoing in just a bit before I bring on our rockstar guest. I know all of you are excited to hear from >> even [laughter] Yeah, build it up even more. >> I know. Yeah, build it up even more. Uh it's going to be so worth it. Elias is awesome. Can't wait for you for all of you to meet him. Uh so what we're going to do today, we're going to start with an idea, something that I've been uh thinking about uh lately. We're going to design it. We're going to build it. We're going to add monetization and we're going to send it over to Apple Store Connect. And then we're going to talk about what's next. What do you have to do once you get that app into the Apple ecosystem. So, we're going to be live building. We might get some bugs. We'll work with them. We'll take your questions. And then at the end of this, hopefully you have a good sense of like I'd say like 90% of the overall process that you have to follow to get something in in the Apple App Store and get it submitted for the ship a ton. But with that, first I want to introduce our very special guest. So, we can head over to the next slide, Matt. Okay. Okay, we got Elias Reyes, uh, one of the rock stars in our community. Elias first came on our radar during the Replet 10 buildathon that we had a couple months back. It was a a weekendl long period where you got to build whatever you wanted on us in Replet. And he built this amazing mobile app called Dial Moments. So clever. The idea here is that you have an audio guest book for your events. And since then, he's grossed over $4,000 on his app. It's all verified through a service called TrustMR. You can go check out his progress. And with that, happy to welcome Elias to the stage. How's it going, Elias? >> Good. [clears throat] How are you? >> Not too bad. Elias, uh maybe uh tell us a little bit about yourself. Introduce your introduce yourself. Tell us about uh your background and tell us about Dial Moments. >> Okay. Yeah. So, um I am a software engineer. Went to college for that. um pre-ai, so it was a little more difficult back then. Um and then I kind of found Replet by accident. Um and I wasn't really sold on it at first. Um because I [clears throat] was building apps, trying to figure all that out, but then I saw I got an email one day and it was like uh publish to app store button. I was like, "Okay, now now I kind of want to check it out." Um so I kind of played around with dial. um maybe January early on, didn't get far. Um but then we had that 24-hour build challenge. Um I see a lot of people in the chat who who were part of it and that's where I just went all in. Um stayed up all night using those credits. I don't even want to know how many I used. Um but yeah, went all out on it. Um the community was very supportive with it. Um, apparently I wasn't even on the radar [laughter] till the community stepped up and were like, "Oh, check it out. Check it out." Um, and yeah, I placed top 10. I think I'm at over 800 users. Um, and like 900 events have been made on dial. Um, and every month it just keeps growing and growing. Um, yeah, but it's it's crazy how far it's come. >> Uh, Matt, would you mind stop sharing stop sharing your screen so we can bring Yeah. Bring Yeah, bring it last year on the big stage here. Um um Eliza, maybe tell us a little bit about dial moments. What is the app? What does it do? >> Yeah, so it's a very simple idea. Um you either on on your app on the phone, you just create your event for wedding, birthday party, whatever, and then you can share it with your guest using a URL code or QR QR code. um you just print it out, put it on tables, banners, whatever, and then they'll join it and just leave you an audio message. Um and you can save them, download them offline, whatever you want. But it's a very simple idea. Um nothing very fancy. >> And this is something that you're able to put together in a weekend or like I guess how much of that functionality had you already thought through or built out before the the weekend buildathon? >> Before the weekend, I just had like a landing page on the website. There was no app. There was no app. >> No Google app. That's crazy. >> No, I No. Yeah, there was nothing really. So, I just had like the landing page kind of playing around with it. Um, but then that weekend came and I just like, okay, really that that's where the app came came from really. >> Uh, very neat. So, I mean, walk us through the process. So, like you get into RepLID, what's you know, what are you doing? Like what what are your initial prompts? >> What were some of like some of the friction points that you hit early on as you were trying to build the the app? Right. Yeah. Um, so it was really easy to build with it. Um, I just hopped on the chat the project and I said, "This is my idea." Um, and then this is what I've used in the past. Um, I use Revenue Cat for my other apps. So, I just like plugged it in there. I used this uh, you know, the different login. This is my idea. Reput took a few minutes, got it all organized and neat, and then gave me version one, I guess. Um, and just kept growing from there. Um, feedback, little details. Uh so yeah, >> that's amazing. So like the the build happens in Replet. Okay. So we have like the ability to do that and then um and then talk to us about getting it into Apple store connect or app store connect and the Apple ecosystem. How was that process? >> So easy. Oh my [laughter] gosh. Um because I I have three other apps I built without Replet. Um and it can get kind of time consuming. There's a lot of small steps and details to do it on Xcode and then plug everything in from RevenueCat or different plugins. Um, but Replet I just like I said, I told it this is what I'm using and then it hooked everything up and then published app store. Um, I just logged in with my Xcode account. Um, created a new project and then it was sent for review. It was and I think it got approved the first try too. >> Whoa. Very quick. Um, like under 48 hours I think it got approved um which had never happened um with my other three apps. So that was a big win. That >> that's been the the big game changer for us. Um so again historically you've needed a Mac to build um iOS apps and then also you need to get into Xcode. The Xcode stack is notorious for being very complicated, very finicky. >> It's everybody knows this. Um, and so the fact that you don't have to do that anymore, that's huge. >> And like another >> Yep. >> Sorry, sorry to cut you off. Another big thing you can't really do with Xcode is the Replet app. So like even if I'm on the road or at the gym and I get like an email, there's some small bug. I don't need my computer. I just go on my phone, fix this bug, whatever, and then it's live. Um, so it's it's so cool, so quick. um how how fast you can really build. Now >> um the other thing to call out as well and I'll share my screen here um Elias is um >> so you mentioned you have the the web app as well and the other cool thing about building a replet is that you can have multiple artifacts attached to the same project. So, you have the mobile app that's sitting there, but then you can also quickly spin up a landing page that you can use for marketing. I'm curious like how are you using the different artifacts and how are you connecting all the context to make your life easier, >> right? Yeah. So, when I first started, I had one web project and one app project. Um, and then I found out you can just merge both of it. Um, so I told Replet, take this project, I want to build it all on one. So now if I need to update anything, I can do it both at the same time. So like if I want to update the onboarding flow, for example, it'll upload it on the website and then the mobile app at the same time. Makes it easy to use the same images, the UI, all the steps. It all flows very natural and they're they match now. Um with one one command, it it really is a lot easier. >> That's key. The other neat thing is that you can have similar design across all of your assets. So, if you have a design template or a system and you have it all in one project and you want to spin up a new page or a new uh flow on your mobile app, replet agent already has all of that context. So, it's pretty straightforward to do to do just like add that, right? >> Yep. Yep. And then it's all on the same database. Um it's all all the back end is all one. So, same database, same login feature, same revenue cat. for example, the payments, everything. It's all one one one back end. >> That's so key because then you can have somebody set up an account and have all of their activity on the mobile app, but then if you want them to also be able to access their account information on a web app, >> like it's all connected to the same database. You don't have to spin up a new database and fork and all that, just like making your life so much easier. And you also mentioned the authentication as well that's also built in as well. And I think you're also building out some marketing assets as well now in Replet, right? Because that's the other thing that we want to talk about too like you like like okay the fact that you you ship this in a weekend amazing hats off to you but what we're finding is that is just like you know the first act you know like building something now is very pretty straightforward with Replet. Now the key thing is how are you going to get people on your app? How are you how are you gonna get people to to know about your app and get them to actually like pay you money? So maybe talk to us a little bit about that like how you've been thinking about getting exposure and getting folks on your app. >> Yeah. Um so mainly I've been doing when I first started and a lot of it is um organic um post on Tik Tok. Um nothing very fancy. I'm just like doing photo slideshows um giving tips and information and then I just like naturally put dial in. Um so it isn't like a heavy go down the dial, go by whatever. It's a very natural um step or like information to help you, you know, plan your wedding easier, plan an event easier. Um and it's a lot of it really is organic. I I just started playing around with like meta ads. Um and it's been going well. small budget, nothing crazy. Um, but I have seen that there the met ads are starting to kind of pick up the audience and customers. Um, so that's been going really well. But like the main you don't need to be paying med ads for it. It can all be done organic. It really can. Um, three posts a day, you know, nothing pushy, nothing it make it informative, make it useful for the viewers to want to keep sliding and looking through your page. M very neat. And um remind me what's a that your Tik Tok handles look because I want to show people what you're doing there because I think it's so interesting. So for if you drop it in the >> there's a private chat here uh on on Riverside. Um but what Elias is doing that I think is so interesting. So we have a guest um a guestbook app, right? like an audio guestbook app and you can pretty much do that for any big event like birthdays, anniversaries, uh you know, corporate events, whatever. Like you know, I think that concept is like uh pretty universal. But what Elias is doing, he's he's he's uber focused on targeting brides on their wedding day. And so if you look at the Tik Toks that he's been doing, it's all about that. It's about, you know, talking to that bride or that soon. Yeah, that's um and like like showing her what uh what the app can do and then he's doing a really good job of putting together carousels and then linking to his his um product, but putting it in the context of that. And so I think that's something that sometimes folks u miss a little bit which is you know they go a little bit too broad and even though they have a really good app it's not properly focused on the marketing side. Now that's not to say you couldn't use this app for some of your other events and I would highly encourage you to head over to dial moments uh.com. Yeah it's dial moments. What an amazing domain name. How'd you get that dude? >> Well I don't even know because it wasn't even dial moments when I started. It was dial guestbook or audio guestbook dial. Um I I think I honestly it might have been Replet. [laughter] I might have said >> you can get your domain through replet as well. I should have mentioned that. There you go. >> So I was like you know give me some good names um that can work for dial because I had dial already because you know the phones the dial phones the the physical ones dial pick up leave your message. Um but then moments just work so naturally with it. Um, and yeah, it just worked out. >> Head over to dial moments.com and use this for your next event. I think it's it's so cool. Um, yeah. So, did you drop that uh that Tik Tok? >> It should be in there studio. >> Let me pull this up here. Studio chat. Yeah, I want to bring this up for I think this is so cool what you're doing. The other thing that you mentioned again um the beauty of having multiple artifacts in one project is that then you can create custom assets for that same project and all of the context is there. And so um you know when I previously talked to you Elias you were talking about how like you had to build a custom workflow specifically for Tik Tok. So like Tik Tok does not like it if you have a direct link to your app in the comments or in your on your profile. Um so you figured out a workar around building a custom >> um CTA or custom landing page specifically for Tik Tok on Reply. Talk to us about that. >> Yeah, so Tik Tok doesn't like it if your link in the bio is asking people to like buy or like you know put in some information whatever. Um, so I went on Replet and I said make this link um, discover if it's on Tik Tok and then it's going to give the user a little bottom navigation info bar and it's like we see you're on Tik Tok, follow these steps if you want to complete your purchase or if you want to put your email in. Um, and it only appears if you open the link from Tik Tok. Um, that way it's all very organic. I didn't really have to do much. I just, like I said, threw it in replet. if they're on TikTok, give them more information and it it works great. >> Yeah, that's awesome. And then you also mentioned that you're starting to tiptoe into meta ads. How are you using Replet for meta ads? >> Yeah, so [laughter] it's really easy the way I'm doing it. Um, so I have my I have a creative the creatives assets I've built outside. But to build the the ad itself, I literally took a screenshot of the the meta settings and I said, "Okay, you know, dial, you know, the audience, give me the information to put for meta." And it just broke down the audience, the age, the all all the information. I just took that, typed it into meta, and published it. Um, so very easy. Took a screenshot, told replet, "Let's build this meta ad." Gave it information, then I filled it out. That's amazing. Again, that is the beauty of having all of your contacts in one place. Um, I I we talked about this earlier, but it I think on the road map, we should have a meta ads integration >> so that you don't even have to worry about that where like agent will know all of the context. it can autopop populate those details uh in meta ads and then eventually agent can optimize those different ads as well. So you can imagine having agent you can imagine telling agent like hey like you know experiment with you know anywhere between $100 to $150 every day do different types of tasks do different types of assets you tell me what's going to work for my app and just tell me the results you handle everything else um >> yeah because platelet knows everything about dial so like it it probably knows about it more than me [laughter] in the back end so like yeah it was able to give me all the the correct details information's audience um on how to complete it. >> Yeah. Awesome. And I'm just I'm showing here your TikTok. I think it's so >> Yeah, those you can see um they're very simple. I have like I think one out of five I'll be like very straight up about dial and that's something new I've been kind of working now. Um since the page has grown a bit more, I feel like I can kind of get away with it. Um but early on it was like all of them were very useful, helpful tips. Um, and nothing very Um, and then if I were to put the price of dial, I would make sure the other slides have prices, too. So, like it all flows very natural. >> Mhm. Yeah. No, I mean, I think the visuals here are spoton for your target uh demographic. And I love how like it's a bunch. It's actually helpful. Like, so like if you're a bride and you're, you know, this is you'll look through all these like, "Oh, these are actually some good tips." And then at the very end, at the very end, just sneak in like, "Oh, by the way, like this is like my app. You should go check it out." [laughter] >> So then when So if I'm here, um, how do I click on this to get to your app? >> So you can either go and click the link in the bio I have set up >> or a lot of people really just search it because I think if you go I'm actually ranking now on Google using Replet's SEO thing. Um, so if you look up audio guest book app for weddings, it recommends dial. >> Um, and even on like uh different AI chats, if you type in or you're asking, you know, good ideas for wedding apps, whatever, guest book, it does recommend I don't know. Um, >> check this out again. Elias, thank you. I I'm there's so [laughter] >> there's so much that we have in Replet and so much that we've shipped that I forget dude Elias that's a great point now we make it easy for you to optimize your SEO and also your GEO which is chat GBT and claw so when somebody goes in to chat GB like hey I'd love like creative ideas for my wedding what do you suggest there's a good chance that dial moments is going to come up but I just search audio guestbook app for weddings and then boom like like the app like number one right here awesome That's so cool, man. Um, amazing. Um, okay. I feel like we can keep you here all day, Elias, but let's talk about your growth. Another cool thing that you've done is you've integrated. So, okay. So, maybe like talk to us about Revenue Cat. Where has Revenue Cat been helpful and why did you decide to integrate with Revenue Cat? Matt, you know, Matt's giving me like a gentle plug like, "Hey, hey." [laughter] >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Um it was what sold me on revenue cat was the AB payw wall um feature they had um because I had used that for other apps kind of like test different prices see what works um and that paid off great for me. I was able to find a good medium average price users would pay for. Um and so I was able to bring that to dial just the knowledge of using revenue cat in the past and replet made it so easy to connect both um applications. Um I just needed to put like my keys and login and all that. So like in a few minutes I had everything hooked up already. Um, and it made it really easy for me to test out like purchases and making sure the flow was working great. And I love the the new awards that Revenue Cat has. Um, I'm trying to get the what is it? They have a new 3,000 monthly one, I think. Something like that. Um, so >> it's like a app icon. >> Yeah, we have uh we have icons. So, we have our own mobile app. So if you're if you've you've built a project with Revenue Cat, you can track all of your metrics using the mobile app. And so we have different icons based on on um yeah, how well you're doing. But we do also have plaques. So you know, I was mentioning the company that makes the trophies for Shipon. >> Um we they also make the YouTube subscriber awards as I said um and we have our own version. I'm just I'm just going to see if I can pull up a picture. >> So I'm chasing one of those right now. >> Let's go, dude. It's I have all my apps on Revenue Cat. So, I think I have four different ones. And it it was just so easy. Even when I wasn't using Replet, it was fairly easy to hook up and connect Revenue Cat to Xcode. >> But with Replet, they made it 10 times easier. So, I'm not going back. [laughter] But I just love how how easy it is to set it all up and flow with it. >> Oh, there it is. Got it. Okay. >> One of those. Yeah, >> that looks good, dude. >> That's what you're shooting for. >> That is what I'm shooting for. Yeah. And then you get one of those when you hit 3k monthly revenue. >> I think it's the app I think there's an app icon. Um >> yeah, so there's there's app icons is the first one you hit. And then these these are I mean these ones are are pretty ambitious. So these are based on the number of subscribers that you have. Um so the the silver award on the left that's uh 50,000 subscribers. Uh the gold is 250,000. And then this one in the middle, which weighs so much. Um, that's once you hit the the million subscribers. So, that's the that's the that's the that's the real uh peak. >> Let's go alive. Let's do it, man. We're going to get there, dude. >> Amazing. Um, awesome. So, last thing I just want to get from you. Okay, so you've cleared this past month was your highest grow grossing month. You hit >> uh 1,600 this past month. The previous month you were at,00. So, the trend is your friend. And now you're at 500 already for this month. Dude, the month just started. You're already at 500. That's crazy. >> This the first weekend. Yeah. [laughter] >> Let's go. And you were like, you were on vacation, right? This is the beauty of it. >> I was. Yeah. Yep. [laughter] And I was just getting the alerts and I'm like, "Oh, this is great." Like, >> um. Oh, dude. I love it, man. Um, so tell us about what's next. What's What's your what's your goal? What are you thinking? How are you going to take it to the next level? >> Yeah. Um, I've gotten a lot of feedback and people do want photos and I I didn't do it because there's a lot of apps that do it already and I I didn't want to like, you know, be a complete duplicate of it, but people are using Dial, but they're like, "We also want photos." Oh, >> and so now if I'm able to bring in customers with Dial and they're already on there, I feel like now I can kind of naturally put photos in >> without it being like um a copy of another app. >> Um so I think photos is probably the next big feature. Um kind of like a little add-on. So, I the audio guest book will still be the main part, but photos will be like if you want to add these on, you know, allow your guest to take a photo with your message for this however much extra. Um, I'll probably do the price testing with Revenue Cat to kind of play around, see where the the a good pricing range is for it. Um, and then meta ads. Um, that's really what I'm kind of learning right now, working on that. Mhm. Um, awesome, Elias. I can't wait to hear another update. You're crushing it. Um, everybody follow Elias on X. He is doing such a great job of building in public. Not only is he like like talk about like, you know, totally building in public. He's even sharing his revenue here, folks. So, [laughter] >> it's all it's all out. >> And then on top of that, you're posting great tips. Um, I love how you always like are just willing to share what you're doing, like the tactics that you're using on the marketing side, Tik Tok. I mean, people would pay for that and you're out there, you're doing it, you're sharing it. Um, I also love the fact that you said like, okay, this is pretty straightforward. This is easy. Replated easy. I just did in a weekend. But I think your consistency and like hitting all of the boxes, building it, but also doing the content and the distribution and thinking about new features, the fact that you're consistent on all of those fronts. I think that's why you're winning here. So, everybody give Elias a big follow on X. Um, dropping some gems all the time. Any um other last tips that you want to leave folks with, Elias? >> Um, I think like I said, do your organic posting, three posts a day. Um, and just build something that's going to target the emotional side because that is where you're going to sell. If it's emotional, people will probably buy. >> And you know, talk, you know, weddings is the most emotional >> and they they are going to spend money. I mean, at a wedding, the budget is through the roof. >> Remind me is nothing is nothing for a wedding. Um, so they see $49.99. Okay, that's really not much for a wedding. And and they do it. Yeah. [laughter] >> Please don't remind me, dude. Uh, but you're right because it's all about context, right? Like if you're some people like the $15,000, $20,000, $50,000 like okay, there's some budgets out there for weddings. Okay. So when they see like oh like 500 bucks for this like for this, you know, for the no problem like Yeah. Boom. That's how much we spend on cupcakes. >> Exactly. [laughter and snorts] Yeah. Because like there there's audio guest books, the physical ones, but those are like $500, $600, and you got to rent, you got to deal with shipping and delivery, you got to wait for the messages to get back. Um, but with Dial, you know, even if people don't come to the wedding, they can still leave you a message. No sipping, no back and forth, and it's all done on your phone. You can download them, and it's so easy. So much cheaper. I mean, people seem to love it. So, >> amazing. Um, uh, can we can we drop his handle? Oh, here. Let me actually just maybe just pull it up here [laughter] on X for everybody. Um, and then I I just uh tagged him in a post recently, but let me >> bring it up here for everybody. I don't know if we can drop it in the chat, Matt, cuz everybody has got to follow here. He is on a tear. Um, so his handle is Elias XR Reyes on X. Um, you're most active on X, but he's also on LinkedIn, too, if you want to >> follow him. Um, there. >> Yep. And I'm going to be more active starting. We were on vacation and all that, but we're we're back now, so we're good. >> He's back clearing his best month while on vacation. Amazing. Make sure you head over to his profile and hit the bell notification. >> Do it. [laughter] >> Um, >> yeah. Thank you, >> Elias. Thank you so much, man. Thank you for for coming on. Um, everybody's in the chat like um you know, so much love, super helpful um community allin conversation for the better. That's exactly we wanted to get everybody pumped and like show what's possible. So, thank you so much, Elias, and can't wait for the next update. >> All right, sounds good. Thank you. >> All right, cheers. >> Bye. >> Okay, I think we got to end it there. That was like a That's a high note right there, man. [laughter] >> I don't I don't think we can get any better than that. That was >> I know, right? Like we're It's all downhill from here, folks. >> Yeah, [laughter] that was so good. the perfect uh the perfect guess and like the perfect example of what you can what you can build. Um yeah, amazing. I felt like I was learning and just taking notes um during that. That was Yeah, very very good. >> Um yeah, absolutely. Um and then he was reminding me of things that are helpful on replet. So I'll be I'll be sure to bring that up like the SEO um agent um uh the uh multiple artifacts. That's all stuff that I think we should talk about. Um, I'm setting up my system here to go through a demo. Do we want to te tackle any questions here, Matt? I thought I saw a couple about Revenue Cat, like what is the pricing for Revenue Cat? Um, can we submit to other to different categories? So, I don't know if you saw some of the the the questions here that you might want to tackle as we get ready for the next segment. >> Yeah, of course. I'll I'll just recap a couple of those things. Um, so the question about categories and eligibility. Um, so just to just to recap for anyone that might have missed it at the start, um, the only requirement in terms of like um, can my app can it be an app that's already live or or an app I've already worked on, the only requirement to be able to enter Shipaton is that the app isn't live or wasn't live in an app store. So um, iOS app store, Google Play Store, or the Samsung Galaxy Store before the 1st of August. As long as it it goes live after the 1st of August, um, you're absolutely fine. You can have worked on it, you can have developed it in Replet or elsewhere before the 1 of August. That's okay. as long as it wasn't live before then. Um, in terms of then the categories and which ones you can enter, you can enter as many as you want. So, you can go for the grand prize, the replicate, uh, best design award, the building public award. You can go for as many as you want. Um, the way that works is that when you are ready to kind of um, make your submission, it's all done through a a platform called Devpost, which is linked to from the the main shipon website. So when you when you make your submission, you select the categories that you want to be judged against and our judging panel will then review your submission against all of those different different categories. Um so no limit on the number you can enter. Um you can only win one of them though. And the way that works is that we will if you if you enter multiple categories and and you're in the running to to win multiple categories, we will award you the the kind of highest the highest prize. So, um, you know, if it's the grand prize and the building public category you're going for, the grand prize, um, is the bigger one, the $100,000 reward, that would be the one that you would win in that example. And then we would pick another builder for the the building public one. And that's just to make sure we have kind of as many winners as possible. We don't want one person building a mega app um, and winning every every category. Um, but uh, that shouldn't stop you from from entering multiple. Uh, and then on Revenue Cat pricing, um, I think we we we dropped this in the chat. Uh, but Revenue Cat is free. Free to get going. Um, you can create an account. You don't have to to to pay anything to start. Um, it's actually free until you make $25,000 a month through the stores. Um, so if you never if you never go above that, you will never pay revenue cap anything. Once you do tick over $25,000, um, it's just 1% that we that we charge. Um, so we only make money when when you make money. And that's why like everything we do, our mission um is to help help you help developers make more money. Um so we only make money when when you do. Um and that's how the that's how the pricing works. But if anything on any of that is unclear, please like drop it in the chat and I can I can I can go into into more detail. Um the quick uh question on is the deadline to join pass? No. So just to recap um the shipon window is 1st of August to the 30th of September. You can register at any point during that window. So registrations are open and submissions are open from 1st to the 30th of of September. So you have you have two months two months to uh to build something to ship it um and then to to share it. So um uh plenty of time left. We are very much still at the at the start. >> Still so early and in fact this two months that's a good runway. That said you want to get started on your idea as soon as possible because the blocker for many of you folks is going to be on the Apple side. You have to set up a developer account. That could take some time. You have to get it into the You got to get it approved. That can take some time. Elias got it on the first shot. I've I've never heard of that. The fact that someone get on the first shot. That is rare. Elias is Yeah, a lucky dude there. Um so yeah, I would say like just get started as soon as possible and you can always update the app later. Just get it in there as soon as possible. >> Yeah, it's a very good point. Get get building. Get building quickly. Um doesn't need to be the finished product that you that you upload to to App Store Connect and and go through app review with. Um but yeah, prioritize the building and then uh that gives you as much um time as possible. Elias was talking about, you know, leveraging Meta and Tik Tok and organic uh and all the content to to grow um your users. You want to give yourself as much time as possible to to do that. >> Exactly. That's the heavy lifting part, folks. Now, yeah. >> So, you want and that's where the the alpha happens. That's where like you're like that's where you're going to win this thing is like on the distribution side, on the content side. So, get there as soon as possible. Okay. So, we'll continue to take questions as we go along. Keep dropping them in there. We'll make a note of them and we'll pause every so often when we're building stuff to answer those questions. So, those are amazing question. Let's keep looking at those. But now, let's get into some building. Okay, let's get our let's get our hands dirty here, folks. Okay, so here's the idea for today. I don't know about you, but every time I go to the store, I feel like I see five new energy drinks that I've never seen before. And so I'm going I'm trying to get a little pickme up, but I don't know what I'm getting with these energy drinks. They all kind of look the same to me. They don't have any label in the front. So I don't know what's going on here. So I thought for today it'd be fun to build an app that tells me a like how much caffeine is in an energy drink cuz I I know many folks are just having too much caffeine. And then also what are the ingredients and what other alternatives might I consider? And have that be in a mobile app so that it's on the go. It's fun. It's cool. So, we're going to start off by designing it and then we're going to deploy it and we're going to get it into Apple Store Connect. Okay. So, the best way to do this, you can follow along with me as well. You can head over to replet.com and you're going to land here and we have a really neat new experience with Replet Design. This makes it easy for you to get started with that design, that front end, get inspiration. So, I like to start in a couple different ways. You can start by just getting the template. You can start with the prompt describing what you want to build. For me, I really like jumping into the sketch feature, which drops me into the canvas that kind of gives me a blank board to work with. And so, the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to look for some inspiration. We have this really nice toggle here where you can look for different templates, different ideas, and you can also look at different UI elements from a service called Mobin now included in Replet Design. So, I have this idea, this energy drink scanner. And so, now I'm going to be looking for some concepts like what how do I want this to look? How do I want this to feel? And instead of starting with a blank slate, I can look through this templates and look at some of these that might strike my fancy here. So, I see this one here. Uh, I'll drop this in here. And now it's here in reference for agent to work with. And then the cool thing here is that I can always I can also iterate off of this as well. So if I click on this little plus sign, I'm going to get a couple of different options to riff on this. I can refine this. I can make changes. And I can also reimagine different types of approaches. One thing to know when you're in Replet, you can now change the model that you're working with uh through these different agent modes. So we have light, economy, and power. So if we go into power, I see now that I have the options to go through different types of models, both closed source and now open source models as well. You see we have Kimmy K3 that's here that's been um really um uh trending as of late. For me on the design front, I'm liking Fable 5 and I'm going here in the medium type of effort. So I'll just click on that. I'll just have that as my default model. And then I'll head over here to this option and look to explore uh some different variations. And so this is kind of a nice place to land. You're you like a concept. You might want to get some inspiration um and bring in different types of concepts. So let me bring you over to ah got log in here. As that's populating, let me bring you over to another project that I was working on earlier here to show you what this looks like from like, you know, after you've done a couple of these iterations. So, you can see here I started with that same template and then I brought in a couple of other templates. I did some variations on this and I got some inspiration from different um um outputs and then I selected the one that I wanted. So if we go back here now you see that agent is outputting just different different types of approaches. You can also go here into the prompt box and you can also specify what types of changes you might like. So you might say like hey make this a little bit you know on you know darker theme add you know different elements or you can even bring in other inspirations to um into this board so that agent can reference. So that's on the design front. I encourage you, you know, to spend some time populating this with different um ideas, different concepts, different examples. So, design, I got a design that I like. Okay, cool. I'm going to just go with this and and start building this process. So, now that I have this, I can say um I can say, okay, uh build go to build mode and I click that object and then I can head over to uh the build mode here. So, this is the design mode where I get the UI. And if I click on that and I go to build mode, now I can start building out my mobile app. So, here is where I'm going to drop in my prompt. Let me grab that here. And so, if you see here, the prompt is pretty straightforward. It's nothing fancy. You can you can go into yap mode here or or voice mode and just talk about what you want, add a bunch of detail. Um, but you don't necessarily need that. I find agent is really good at filling in the blanks. So, I keep it straightforward here. I just want a mobile app where I take a photo of an energy drink and I have AI identify it and tell me how much caffeine is in it and some uh let me know about the ingredients and also suggest some cleaner alternatives. So, that's there. And then the thing that I'm going to do here is I'm going to go into plan mode. So, why I like plan mode is because before agent starts building, I'm going to get a detailed description of what agent thinks it thinks um I, you know, it thinks I wanted to build. So, I'm going to be able to look at that plan, uh tweak it, approve it, um make changes to it before agent builds this out. I like this one, it's a nice description that encapsulates what you're directing agent to do. Two, it's more efficient in the long run if you do a plan mode first. Uh, it's kind of one of those kind of carpenter things where like, you know, measure twice, build once kind of thing. If you have agent just kind of rip and start building on its own, you may not like what it builds. That's going to take you, you know, 15 minutes per iteration. It's also going to spend a good amount of tokens. So, I always suggest going into plan mode. And so, now you can see my plan is here. Here I can click on view and here is the detail plan that agent has for me. So the what and the why. What is it? It's a mobile app expo. Um what is it? What does done look like? Here's what it looks like. What's out of scope? Barcode scanning, user accounts authentication, purchase store links, etc. I do like looking at this area of out of scope because it gives me ideas for what I might build in the future. So right now I won't build authentication into this app because it's a demo. But I do like the idea of later on adding that to so that folks have uh the same experience or have their account information both on the mobile side and also on the desktop side. So now my plan looks good. Let me just read through this. Snap a photo. Yep. Okay. Identifies it. Greet is concerning. Yep. Flags. Okay. That looks good. And then I'm just going to hit on build here. And so now agent is going to start building that out. I'd say for a mobile app, my experience has been agent takes anywhere between 10 to 20 minutes to get the first version of the mobile app up and running. But as you can see here, it is a mobile type. You're seeing the iPhone emulator. You're later on you're going to see the option to go into different types of iPhone screens. um and to to get a sense of what this looks like on other devices. So, we'll let this build for a moment and take a moment to pause and see if we have any questions from the chat. >> Awesome. I actually hadn't seen like embarrassingly I hadn't actually played around with the plan mode, Manny. That's cool to see. I like I go off elsewhere and like talk to an agent somewhere else and try and iterate on what I'm doing and then I come back and I didn't realize I can just do all of that in replet. That's that's uh that's really helpful. >> Yes, two things. Um you can start I used to do that as well. I used to start at an AI assistant and and talk through the idea and then get a final prompt from that AI assistant and then copy paste it into replet. As of late we've also introduced connectors into your favorite AI assistants like claude and chatgpt. So now you can just call replet from those conversations. But now we also have the ability to start in chat mode. So you can just go into replet and just have that same conversation in replet. And why I love that obvious I mean it's it's more convenient. So I'm not copyping or I'm not setting up a connector elsewhere. That's great. But more importantly it captures all of the context from that initial conversations. So oftentimes I will start by just like 30 minutes just like riffing with agent and saying like okay you know if I build this what does that look like? What is the tech stack for this? Is that feasible? Um, do we have a connector into that service? How hard is that going to be? What features do I want? Okay, I want that feature. Like, yeah, that's my MVP feature. Cool. Who is this targeted to? What's the kind of copy? What's the name? What should be the name? Um, you know, have like a like you're almost like you have a coach there that you can start off with and have like a fulllength conversation. And all of that context gets lost if you have that elsewhere. But if you start the the process here in replet all that gets maintained and it's something that you might want to pick up down the line. So earlier I mentioned in the plan mode I saw the option to add user accounts. I'm going to table that for now but I may want to add that in the future. If I mention that to agent during that conversation agent's going to remember like that and when I ask it like okay cool I got my MVP up and running. Can you list out the next five features that we should consider building? agent's gonna remember that and say like, "Oh, yeah, Manny, you mentioned that you might want to add authentication to this app as well. Maybe we'll work on on that next." So, really great to have all of that context in one place as well. >> Yeah, that's awesome. You've actually um triggered me to mention something um especially around features because one of the one of the questions we always get is again like coming up with an idea and what to build and what features to include and not to include. Um, and a a pro tip I always share um when we're doing sessions like this is uh there's a lot of information like out there publicly available that you can use when you're trying to like refine your app idea. So um if you're building an app like this one like a a caffeine scanner, then there may be similar apps or apps that do parts of this already in the app store that will have reviews. Um you can go and have a look at those reviews. you can ask AI to to analyze them, pick out um what people are saying, maybe things that work really well or don't work or things features that users really want. That can be super helpful at this stage as well. So, when you're iterating and chatting to the agent and and formulating your idea and figuring out what to build and what not to build, don't forget that there's like a wealth of information already publicly available that you can access that can also help you to kind of define your scope and make sure you're including features that are going to be really valuable to people uh maybe based on what isn't already available in in other apps that are are already live in the stores. >> Spot on. I am seeing some comments here. Yeah, Mobin is a huge unlock. Yeah, definitely check out Mobin again. If you go back to design mode here, when you click on this right pane, you're going to get inspiration. This is all pulling from Mobin. It's a service that I was paying for and now I have it here in Replet, which is nice. Non is mentioning that she likes the models. She likes Fable 5 and I think one of the other models for design. So, definitely play around. Like if there's um you know, you might find like Kimmy K3 is better at certain designs. It's probably going to be a little bit cheaper as well. And we also now have this new feature where you can compare different models. So you can uh you can have agent build the same design using three different models and you can compare and contrast which one you like better. Just kind of allows you to build an intuition for which of these models to use. On the the Mobin side, Manny, this might be a stupid question, but do you have to spin up an account with Mobin and pay for like a separate subscription to their service or that's all kind of baked into your Replet subscription? >> Nope. That's a very good question. Nope. It's all here included with your Replet subscription. So, you don't have to pay for Mobin separately? No. >> Awesome. >> Yeah, >> we love the team at Mobin. They're a they're a Shipon sponsor as well. They're they're involved in in in it. So, yeah. >> Amazing. Okay, we see that it's still building, but like yeah, you can look through here like you can see Airbnb's onboarding like, oh, I like that. Cool. Let me drop that. I like that. Let me save that. Um, interesting how like they have this flow. I like that. And then I can always go here and get some suggestions on how to improve this design. Riff on the design. I can also say like, okay, take this design and have it match my the design that I've already selected here and build that out. So, um, yeah, definitely a lot to to look through here. And these templates are amazing. Yeah, I highly encourage you to go through these and look at these and just grab them. If you like one, just drop it in here. Just drop it in here. Boom. Look at it. And get some variations off of that. So, let's take a look at our build here that's still cooking. And if this takes uh too much longer, we'll go over to another build that I have ready to go. But in the meantime, let's look at some of the comments here. Um >> I've got a question about whether sorry man, whether replet builds in in Swift um or or or something else. Uh which is a good question. Um but uh the answer is no, right? Like this is going to build on top of Expo, which is React Native. And the the biggest benefit of that is that's a crossplatform framework. So you can ultimately we're going to show you how to ship on iOS today, but ultimately you could take the same um same app and ship on both iOS and Android. >> Correct. Yes. Yeah. This is built on Expo. And you know the key benefit is that it allows you to circumvent the two problems that have existed when you've built this in the past. One that you have to be working on a Mac and two that you have to be uh coding this in Xcode. And so Expo allows you to streamline that and circumvent that. Um, also, uh, to your point, um, Matt, it allows you to build for all platforms. So, from the same Expo artifact, you can publish it to the App Store and you can also publish it to the Google Play Store. Okay. So, I know I also got a bunch of questions around when we're gonna support uh, the Google Play Store. That always comes up and Okay, so a couple thoughts. One is it's you can still you can still um send your app to Android Play Store. It's just not as easy in Replet as it is for iOS. That is on the road map. We're working really hard. I actually just pinged the team for an update. So see if we get an update here in terms of when that is coming. Not just yet. So if the team gives me an update on that, but it is on the road map. It's one of our highest requested features for building mobile in Replet. But right now, I say if you really want to get into into the Android Play Store, um you can do it. It's just going to be more manual work on your end. But I would advise you to work with agent to get that up and running. You can just ask agent like, "Hey, I want to get this into the Play Store." And agent will walk you through the different steps that you have to follow. But make it as easy as we do for um Apple iOS coming soon. So stay tuned for that. And the good thing is is you know you're it's going to be pretty straightforward. So once we enable that, turn that on, it's going to be like one click into Play Store and everything else that you've been using up until then is going to work just as well in Play Store. That's the beauty of building with Expo. >> Yep. Awesome. Sorry, I think I introduced a bit of confusion in the chat by mentioning Swift. Um, but someone has someone has uh has jumped in and answered. But yeah, that's just Apple's framework for building like native native apps versus using Expo, which and then React Native, which is a framework as Manny said is can be used across iOS and across Android as well. >> Yeah, that's right. [clears throat] Okay, so this is still cooking. Uh, keep those questions coming. As you can see, it's got the design. It's got the design that I wanted. Like here's the design, the inspiration that I selected. Okay. Okay. And then I can go here to expand this and uh let go to edit focus mode. Ah, all right. So maybe because it's building, it's not bringing it up for me. But that you saw the design. So let me exit here. Um you saw the design there. And here in my preview, it's matching it pretty well. That's pretty cool. So you know, I know for a lot of folks, you get stuck on like that early design phase. Like this is just a great way like just to grab something that looks nice and then boom, like get something up and running. And you can see my functionality here. Scan a drink, pick from my gallery. That's what I want. So, let me hop over as this uh finishes building. Let me hop over to a build. Same thing that I did uh last night. So, here is the output from that. And let me exit that. And so, now here is my app. So, let's test this out. So, here I am in my iPhone emulator. This is a this is like you having an iPhone here in um your your on your browser, which is really neat. And I just selected a photo for a energy drink. And then we're gonna let the app run and we see and we're gonna see just how much caffeine I'm taking down when I uh [laughter] when I chug one. >> Do you want do you want to know the answer or >> That's a good question. Chat, what do you think? Do we want to know? Oh my goodness. Here it is. Okay. 200 mgrams of caffeine. And I really like this too. Agent did this on its own. It it did this little bar thing where like it's telling me what percentage of the daily guideline this takes up. So if I take one of these down, I'm already at 50% of the recommended dosage for caffeine. And uh that's bad because I already had a cup of coffee before this. So I'm pretty much at [laughter] at the top here. So I'm going to have to switch to decap. Um but here we are. We have zero grams of sugar, calories 10. Not too bad. Okay, cool. That's actually pretty good. Uh ingredients, caffeine, makes sense. Um guarana seed extract. Okay, little description. Cool. And then it tell it's telling me like a caution like there's some caution around this suclo um non-sugar sweetener. And then here's the full ingredient list. And again, the design is what I what I opted for at the beginning. And this looks so neat. Like this looks looks very clean. I like this. Um and then also some cleaner alternatives here. So, you know, all in all, for a first shot, like my prompt was just that prompt that I showed you earlier. That's it. And I know I have like a pretty neat functional app right out of the gate. One other thing to call out here, folks. If you noticed, it is leveraging AI. But the thing that you didn't see me do was head over to OpenAI or Enthropic and grab API keys. That's because we also have a built-in integration for those services that tie directly into your replet build. This is so huge. So, I don't have to go to those other um services, set up a new account, get API keys, put them in my secrets. I mean, I could, but you know, saving those, maintaining those, having those out there just produce just it's another like risk factor. And it's so much more convenient to have Replet do that. And the great thing about this is that it's pulling in all of those models that are available and it's just charging you the list price that those model providers are listing. So whatever you see on OpenAI's page in terms of what they're charging for OpenAI here or for the model here, we're going to pass that on and just going to tack that on to your replet bill all in one place. So that's an important call out. And we're just trying to make it as easy for you to go from your idea to something that's functional without having to go everywhere and set up API keys and mess around with all this stuff like just like focus on your idea and get to marketing your idea. Okay, so checkpoint one complete folks. Um, we have a functional app. It looks pretty good. I like how this looks. Now we tested it here in the browser. The other cool thing is that you can test this on your mobile phone as well. So here on the right hand side you see this uh Expo Go QR code. So I can just scan that and provided that you have the Expo Go um app on your phone. It's going to bring that up on your phone so that you can test it out as well. So I can open my camera and I can snap a photo. Let's see here. Snap a photo of this here. See what I'm drinking here. Bam. Use the photo. And then now I'm going to test the functionality on my phone here. Sorry folks if you can't see that. Um, but it's pretty much the same thing you saw here on the the browser. It's um, you know, it's reading the it's getting the information. It's passing it to AI and it's giving me um a a nice kind of um nice summary of things. So here you are 200 milligrams here. Same thing that we saw earlier um just now as we were testing it. So um so testing is complete like checkpoint one is complete. I've got a nice looking app. It's got the AI functionality built in. I didn't have to go to OpenAI and I just tested it. Works well on my phone. I feel good about this. Now the big question that we're going to tackle next is how are we going to make money off of this? What's my what's going to be my monetization strategy? So, we're going to talk about that next, but first, let's go to the chat and see if there are any any questions up until now. >> All right, we got a we got a few questions. So, um let's tackle this one first from from Zachary. So, if I don't like the UI, how easy can you change it? And I I feel like you you've kind of hinted that already, but that you could just chat to agent, right? You could you could make tweaks and changes whether it's small things, big things. Um but yeah, maybe you could talk through that a bit, man. >> Totally. A couple thoughts there. Um one, you can go to the design mode and um update the design here. Um you can just click on this and say like um you know uh make this darker or you can grab a reference, click both of these and it'll bring both of these elements into canvas and say like hey for my mobile app make it look more like the example that I have here and Reply will change that up for you. Um that's one way to do it. If you're if you if you don't need a necessarily a visual preview and you want to be a little bit more efficient about it, you can go into build mode and start a new task. This is another really neat thing that we shipped is the ability to put in multiple task here in agent. So here I might um say like okay um um how might I make this design pop a little bit more? or like maybe give me some ideas and some suggestions in terms of like how this might be better targeted at my demographic um which is folks that are like concerned about their caffeine intake and I really like really love um energy drinks and so I can kick off that conversation and the cool thing about this is when I start a task it automatically puts me in plan mode so it doesn't build anything and it can go and do research give me some information and the other really neat thing about this is that I can go and start another task here as well so this is going to a good um one. So, it could be like, "Hey, I'm thinking about monetizing this application. What are like some monet monetization strategies I might consider? Like, should I do a pro plan, an annual plan, a per scan usage? Maybe like give me some considerations here and things to to work on." So, I can drop that in there as well. I can drop another task here and say, "Hey, um so I'm building this out. Can you do some research for me in terms of other similar apps that are out there? Maybe give me their names and like links to uh the apps in the Apple Store uh so I can check out. Maybe just give me a summary in terms of what they have and maybe like any like glaring features that I must have in my app as a V1 just to make it interesting and compelling. And so I'm dropping that in there. Again, I like um chat mode. Like this is voice mode. I call it yap mode because I just go in there and I yap. Like I do free like stream of consciousness. Like you saw me like just doing that. It's um pretty fast. I just like let agent figure it out. Agent's been agent's gotten so good at understanding me and all like the things that I want even when I'm like I'm just like dropping like a whole bunch of [laughter] random stuff in here. And the cool thing is here now I have these different um I have these different uh um plans that are working here. And if I go here to the Cambban board, you see all of the different tasks that are currently um getting worked on here. And then you also see that I have the suggested task as well. So agent saying like, "Hey, you might want to scan a barcode. You might want to track, this is a really good suggestion actually, track caffeine intake across all scanned items." So maybe like the idea is somebody scans it and they say, "Yes, I I'm drinking this. Okay, now track it." And this is a suggestion and the plan is like here that I can uh ready to go. And if I want to build that out then I can just click on start. And the cool thing about this is that again this is a separate task. It's not going to do anything on my main build but it's a great way for agents to start working on this and give me a preview on what that might look like and also give me some research. So here you can see like okay so I asked it here for some comp competitive research and check this out. Drink IQ, caffeine label scanner, the links to the app store. So like just like just just it's just doing all the work for me. This is so cool. So I can go look at this. It's going to give me a summary. What does this tell me about it? Awesome. And then there's no suggestions here. It's just research, but that's great to know. Um here's the other task that I um um um recommended. Okay. Like monetization, like what should I be building out? Like okay, different options here. Great. And then a recommendation like a premium and a pro model. That's really cool. So, um, yeah, I I encourage you to to do all that stuff in design, um, or like you're thinking of different ideas, go into the multiple task options and just drop them in there. The other thing I would recommend is getting our mobile app. So, like oftent times I'll be on the go and I'm like, oh, like I just had an idea for that app that I'm building. I just go to to my phone, I pull up that app and I I start a new task and just yap and say like, okay, here's what I'm thinking, blah blah blah. and then like go put together a plan for me and then when I get back to my desk I review the plan and I say you know actually that was like a bad idea so let me discard that or you can say like hey that's not a bad idea let's like let's go ahead and build that or like you can build it on the go as well like hey like I like that idea go ahead and build it you can authorize that from your phone and then when you get to your desktop you can see the full version of that and again the key thing here is that each one of these tasks they're isolated containers so they're not changing anything on your main project they're just like separate forks of the project that allow you to see what it would look like and test it and work for it and then once you like it then you can merge it back to the main um to your your your um your your finished um product. So um good question there. >> Awesome. Um related question uh quickly Manny. So uh building like using that feature and building different versions kind of simultaneously can you do that with any replet plan? What's the is there any restriction there? Like what do people need to be aware of? I I I I I I have to double check, but definitely on pro and core, um I think you do multiple tasks on all plans, the limitation is on how many parallel tasks you can do. So on the pro plan, which I'm on, I recommend for everybody. you could do 10 um parallel task and then I think it's five for core and then I think it's one or two for um the uh uh starter plan which is our our our free option. >> Okay, perfect. >> Should we keep should we keep rolling? I think that's >> keep rolling >> most questions. Let's keep let's keep going. >> Awesome. Okay, cool. So now let's talk about monetization here. So I'm just going to jump in the main here and I'm going to ask the same question that I did earlier on this year. So, like what are some monetization options that I that I um uh should think about here? Like I want to monetize it, maybe add a subscription. What do you recommend? And then um also I'd like to integrate Revenue Cat with this as well. So, I'm just going to drop that in there and agent's going to do some research. And again, I like this because I, you know, if I'm new to mobile app building, I don't know really what this should look like. So, I oftentimes am using agent as a coach to kind of help me navigate a new space and have it, you know, do some research for me or um make recommendations. The other thing that I'm calling out here is the revenue cat integration. Um hopefully this pops up in just a bit, but as um we set up revenue, you'll find that we're just going to get a modal here that's going to say connect to your revenue account uh cat account. So, you do need to do that in advance. You do have to set up a RevenueCat account. You'll have your email. You have your password. So that when you get that option here in agent, it's just going to be like a one-click connect into Revenue Cat. >> I think you can. Manny, can you not create if you haven't already got a Revenue Cat account and you go through this flow um and it prompts you to connect, can you not create the account from there? I don't know if you have to create it in advance. >> That's a good question. I'm not um >> I think it I think it's >> I would imagine so. >> I could be wrong, but I think I think you can I think you can create it at that point. So, you can obviously set it up in advance, but if you just want to do it at the point at which you're you're adding it here, you can do that. Um, and then I I would I would probably also call out the fact that I mean there's there's probably people still listening thinking like what is what is Revenue Cat and like how does that fit in here? >> Tell us about that. Um, so maybe I can do I can do the quick kind of 30 second overview, but when you're what Manny's doing here in terms of like thinking about monetizing an app, if you want to add subscriptions or per like inapp purchases to to an app and and get users to pay for for unlocking content um or different things in your app, then you need to integrate with um in this case like the app store like payment APIs. And doing that yourself is uh pretty complex. It's like a lot of plumbing, a lot of infrastructure um and especially if your app grows like maintaining that is pretty difficult. Apple will will kind of change things over time that you need to maintain and stay on top of. Uh and so that's what Revenue Cat solves. Um so at its core, Revenue Cat is just um a small bit of software, an SDK. It sits inside your mobile app and it takes care of all of that complexity. So all of that complexity to do with integrating with the app store when it comes to subscriptions and inapp purchases. We look after all of that. Um and what the Replet agent can do is um configure all of that for you. So it can it can integrate revenue cap. can set up the a monthly, a yearly subscription, an annual subscription, whatever you tell it that you is your preference or whatever it recommends. Uh, and so you don't you don't need to you don't need to worry about that um at all. So um even if Manny hadn't mentioned Revenue Cat in his prompt, if he just said, "Hey, I want to monetize this app. Um I'm thinking about adding a monthly subscription and a yearly subscription. Um let's let's go." Uh the agent would have responded and said, "Okay, sounds good. Here are some options. Um and to do that, we need to integrate Revenue Cat uh and prompted you to to connect from there." So that's how that's how the two fit together. >> Yes. Um and then here because I already connected RevenueCat on one of the previous projects, it automatically just detected that that connection connector was already available. It just connected me to RevenueCat. So I just, you know, I I got the suggestion from agent and I said, "Hey, like let's just do three uh free AI scans per month and then after that you got to you got to go pro and sign up for the annual plan for 25 bucks a month." And so now what agent's going to do is going to think about, you know, what's a way to introduce that. So um we need to like surface that somewhere to say like, hey, like you want to upgrade to pro or the annual plan. um it has to build out the functionality to um to detect how many scans per user so that it knows when to trigger that upsell. And so it's going to go and build all that out. As this is building, maybe this is a good time to go through the revenue dashboard because I oftentimes go here as well. Um Matt, so maybe walk us through this. What are we seeing here? Yeah. So, when you when you ask agent to add your subscriptions or to help monetize the app and then you create a revenue cat account and connect it to Replet, um then you'll you'll have access to the Revenue Cat dashboard, which is what Manny is is showing off here. It can look a little bit confusing on on first on first glance, especially if you've never dropped in there before. Um so, you don't actually need to to drop into here, uh you know, when you connect your account. You can you can stay in Replet and configure things from there. But what you'll see or the thing to to notice if you scroll up a little bit, Manny, um you'll see Manny's got the um a little bit further um you've got the sandbox toggle turned on at the top. Um because what happens when you first connect Revenue Cat to Replet and you ask it to um create a monthly subscription or a yearly subscription. What happens in the background um is the agent spins up what we would call test store products. Um, so a product is your monthly or your yearly subscription. Um, and it creates test store products in revenue cap. Um, so that happens automatically. And if you scroll down a little bit now, Manny, what you can see um is uh you've got active subscriptions, new customers, you've got some test transactions underneath which we'll we'll get to in a moment. We'll show how that that flow works. Um, but basically you can drop into this dashboard once the connection between Replet and Revenue Cat has been made and you can see the test products that have been created. Um, but you can also see test transactions. So, as we go through in a minute and start testing the purchase flow, um, that's where this will appear. So, it's a great place to kind of drop into just to validate everything is kind of hooked up correctly uh, and is working um, at this stage. >> Very neat. And then you can see here that I had a couple of test transactions uh, yesterday and that on a on a previous build. So, that's what I do like about RevCats. I can test it out. I can test the full user experience for um payments and I can see it here. And to your point um Matt, it allows you just to have that sandbox out so you're you're not afraid of like triggering any transactions on your end. The other thing to mention, Matt, as we're waiting for this to to complete here, um um Elias mentioned that one of the reasons he liked Revenue Cut is that allows you to test out different pay walls and different options, which is key, right? Like if you're building a new product, like what is like the best monetization strategy to have for an app? Like you can you can theorize about that and you can try like doing like one one month long um trial periods of different options, but it's probably better just to do like an AB split test of sort. So maybe like talk to us about that. How do people do that? >> Yeah. So I think I think the first thing to say is when you're if you're building for the first time and just getting started um don't overthink picking a price and then designing a pay wall like you can you can do as as many as you were doing. You can ask the agent uh for recommendations and that's the best place to start. You know start simple um monthly yearly subscription. The agent as we'll see in a moment will spin up a payw wall for you. Um, and the payw wall, I think everyone here will know what that is, but that's the that's the page you see when you're inside an app uh that prompts you to subscribe and shows you the different options that are available. Um, so Replet will create a payw wall by default. And for most people, if you're just starting out and you're launching your first version, then go with that. Um the other option though once you start to I guess uh maybe become a little bit more uh advanced and you're starting to explore like the monetization strategies in a bit more in a bit more detail um is you can ask the agent to switch out the the payw wall that it built um with a revenue cap payw wall. Uh and so one of the features that revenue cat has um is a payw wall builder. So actually Manny if you go on the the lefth hand menu there in the dashboard and click payw walls. Um just there you go. Um, so you can drop into here and as you can see you can either use a template um, you can start from scratch um, or you can generate a payw wall using AI and we have this sort of Figma style drag and drop editor um, Manny showing here that you can you can select a kind of template that might kind of uh suit the the type of payw wall that you want. Um, if you click into any of those Manny um you you'll see the editor come up on the on the screen. M >> um and from there you can sort of build build out a payw wall design. And then the really neat thing with Revenue Cat is once you have that set up and if you're using Revenue Cat payw walls, you can deploy what Elias was talking about, which is a AB test, which is basically where you're just testing one payw wall design and maybe one set of prices versus another payw wall design and another set of prices um to start to figure out, you know, what the best mix uh and price points might be. Um, so yeah, I would caveat all of that by saying that that's maybe something not to not to focus on too much at the very at the very start. But yeah, I mean Elias, you know, once he got up and running, he published on the app store. That's when he started to to think about those things and start to experiment with his different pricing, his different payw wall designs, different offers, that sort of stuff. And and Revenue Cat enables you to do all of that. So if you integrate Revenue Cat from the start, you'll have access to all of this um when you're ready to go and explore. >> That's very neat. And then if I set up the different payw walls and um different options in revenue, is that something that I can um I guess enable via replet or is there or do I have to set up those exper experiments here in revenue? >> Yeah. No, so you can you can create um you can create the uh payw walls um in in revenue cat and then just tell replet agent to switch out the payw wall that it designed for the revenue cap um for the revenue cap payw wall. The really other the other big like benefit without going too much into the detail, but once we get to kind of App Store Connect and we talk about uploading to the to the App Store and going through the app review process, um Apple will will review your payw wall and and your screenshots as kind of part of as part of that process. If you're using the revenue cap payw walls and you want to change the design and run these experiments and tests, you can do all of that remotely without having to like upload a new build of your app and then trigger another like app review cycle. Um, so that's one of the one of the big benefits. Um, yeah. And so all you have to do to enable that is ask agent to switch out the payw wall it has built with the the revenue cap payw wall and then you can use the revenue cap dashboard once the app is up and running and it's live in the stores. you can use the dashboard then to to switch out pay walls or update your design, run experiments, that kind of thing. Um, but again, I think like as a as a like a first-time builder, if you're just trying to get something onto the store, that the the pay wall that replet the agent creates will be more more than okay. And also, you can, as we've been doing already, you can ask it to make changes and tweaks to the design. Um, and then you can switch to maybe using the revenue cap pay wall kind of later down the later down the line. >> Yeah, that's a great tip. The other thing I like about just getting started in Replet to your point is just easier, faster, but it's already bringing in my design style because it has this context. You can see here I've got the little [laughter] Isn't this cool? It's got like a little battery charger and it says like, "Hey, I've got three three of three free scans left." Again, like agent like just always surprised me with little things like that. And then the option here to go pro. So, it's still working on like this just the front end, but folks, it's got to build out the back end and the capability again the ability to track on a per user basis the number of scans per user and then like trigger the upsell and like set up the page as well. So, it's building all of that out right now. So, we'll just give it a couple more minutes to do that. Any other questions we got here in the chat? I'd be curious, folks, as we're doing this. What are you building? I want to see like, you know, got, you know, what are some ideas that are coming to mind or categories that you're going after? Um, Matt, you mentioned you've got like the influencer um thing going on. Just go out there and check that out to get some inspiration. I know there are like some sites out there that have like I think this was like Greg Eisenberg. He has a site like that just has a whole bunch of startup ideas that you can go and mine and check out. But I'd love to see in the chat, what are you thinking about building? Where are you right now in the process? >> I think the other thing to mention as well is like it also doesn't need to be like a brand new idea because you know there are lots of apps that have done really well where they've taken an existing idea but they've just like iterated on it or they've improved the experience or they've as I was kind of touching on earlier they've gone and had a look at the all of the reviews in the app store and and and focused on the feedback and and built something that addresses what maybe people are saying are missing from other from other categories. Um, so yeah, I always recommend that to people. But um, yeah, for those that missed it, we have this influencer category for Shiptom this year. Five different influencers that have an existing audience. They've put together a a brief um, which is um, they basically asked them if they were going to build an app for their audience. What would it look like? What would it need to contain? Um, and so you can build towards those briefs as part of the Shipon competition. So if you'd rather just like take an idea and focus on on um getting agent to build the best possible app that meets all of those requirements um then highly recommend having a look at that. So if you if uh you can find all the details of that on the on the shipon website. >> Also folks highly recommend you go check out this interview that we had with um Cedric. He's a you know sophomore in college. He starts like getting into health and wellness and starts learning about peptides. He starts doing research, following along, like what is it? Finds out that people have a hard time tracking this stuff. He builds a the web app and um the mobile app all in Replet, launches it, makes like 50k in seven weeks. And so if you're looking for inspiration in terms of just how to like do this, but also like how to get ideas, he had some really good suggestions there as well, like where he was going to different forums, he was answering questions m like mining um app um apps already in the app store, different features that they had. So really good conversation. This is on Reply YouTube. Go to live and go check out that conversation. I think it's like halfway through the show where we get to talk to Cedric of Pepai. He's it was a really good chat. Yeah, that's awesome. That's uh that's such a good example of of kind of exactly what we're talking about. Going and finding an idea for a specific user base and then building for it and just it just popping off from day one. That's awesome. >> I'll drop I'll drop this link in the chat for us. Um if you can uh drop that in there, um Matt, and then we'll check in on our studio chat right here. We'll check in on our build and hopefully we're done with our heavy lifting here. Okay. Um, all right. Let's go. Okay, that am I here? Okay, cool. That's still working. Okay, let's see here. >> Still going. >> Still going. But we can see here. I can start clicking around here. Okay, cool. Well, let's start clicking around. There we go. It's still wrapping up some things. You know, agent likes to be thorough, like check its work and make sure everything is clicking. So, [snorts] we'll let agent click on that. But in the meantime, we can explore the UI here. So, okay. So, check this out. Again, I didn't have any of this before that one prompt. And now if I click into this, I now have this really nice payw wall. Check this out. It's like so cool. I I like this scan without limits. Again, I didn't I didn't tell it like anything about like copy or anything, any direction. I just said like make me a pay wall. Here's what I want to be able to charge and like boom, go into it. And again, like we're waiting like 10 minutes here, but like I just gave it that one direction and this looks so good. like scan without limits, free month scan. Perfect. Then you get unlimited can scan AI can scans every ingredient flag, not just the top, all all cleaner swaps for every drink. And then here is a big button to upgrade to that. Um, so I wonder if I can actually test this here. So, let's do that. Look at this. The whole >> This is so nice, isn't it? It's all consistent on brand. Good. Okay, this is the neat part here, right? So, I get to test the transaction whether it's valid or it's a failed purchase. So, let's go to test valid purchase and then bam, you're in this entire workflow. All built by Replet agent in one prompt. I I do this all day, folks. I'm still like constantly surprised how great this is. Amazing. So, now I get to go to scan and look at this. It also gives me a little pro tag here. Isn't that cool? Okay, so >> that's neat. That's so cool that it did all of that and even like the copy on the pay wall because like the the the easy thing would just be to say something like go pro or grave to premium, but actually like leading with the benefit is is and it did that without you even prompting it is is really cool. Um Manny, if you drop into uh revenue, if you go back to the dashboard, I wonder if we'll be able to now see that test transaction >> in the uh in on the home screen. Okay. So, if you [clears throat] just >> just go back on the >> go back to the overview on the left hand side >> overview >> and then we've got sandbox toggled on and if you scroll down. >> So, I'm here. So, now one thing to note is uh every time I create a new app, Revenue Cat's going to create a new project here. So, this was the the project that I did last night. And here's Canwise. I'll probably change the name. >> I don't love Can um but it's unique. We'll go. It works. Yeah. Canwise. It's probably it's probably available. You know, [laughter] >> I know like agent's killing it in copying all fronts except the main name. Come on, Agent. [laughter] Dropping that in the feedback channel. Um, okay. So, here it is. Okay. So, here's this new project now created just fresh. And here is the transaction that we just tested. So, this is two minutes ago. Canwise, new sub, 24 bucks. Um and then like you can see like the number of customers that I have here. That is so neat. >> Yeah. So that's showing you that the the flow is working. So everything has been wired up uh correctly. Uh Replet and Revenue Cat are talking to each other. You've tested the purchase. We've recognized it. Um that's all all working perfectly. >> That is so cool. Uh let's try out this one here. Let's see what we get on Prime because my boys have been taking this down lately. So, I got to see what I'm giving them. [laughter] Um, and what's what's I mean, it's still agents. Let's see. Let's click into here. Let's see what it's doing. It's just like, okay, it's updating the replet MD. So, it's just making a note of it. Other thing to note is if you want to look at the files and what's going on, you can hit here on this um file tree option and you can see uh the different files that it's updating. So, it's probably finalizing it. And the cool thing here is that it's keeping track of all the work that it did. So like what are we doing here? The stack where it lives, all the information. So if you want to dig into like the details and figure out how agent is building this, this is a good place to start this repid MD file. But it should be wrapping up here in just a moment. But >> let's um while it's doing that, let's just jump in and answer a few a few quickfire questions. Um, so we got one here about uh whether revenue cap can be used for mobile or and for web as well. Um, so predominantly mobile. Um, so we do have a we do have a web product. Um, but predominantly for for mobile. Um, because if you're going to if you're going to sell on on mobile, you have to integrate with the app store or the Google Play Store. Um, and that's the that's the bit that we solve. That's the complex piece that we we take care of. So um, that's what most uh people use for. Um, I should mention as well like people like lots of different apps use Revenue Cat. Um you probably have apps on your phone using our our product. Um we work with apps that are vioded all the way through to like the chat GBT app has revenue cap um in in installed on it. So um it's uh it's it's mainly mainly mobile focused. Uh we have a question we had a question somewhere on you've answered the question about when um when uh Android and and uh shipping to Google Play will be available on on Replet. Um oh here we go. So, we had a question about like so does Revenue Cat eliminate Apple Store from taking money from my app? If so, I'm assuming Revenue Cat is paying Apple store something on my behalf. Um, the answer there is no. So, Revenue Cat isn't a payment processor. We don't touch any any funds. Um, so when you're selling on the app store, um, that's all handled. Apple processes all of the payments. They remain what as what's called as the merchant of record. So, they're handling all of the tax and the um, you know, all of the complicated stuff there. And so when somebody subscribes to your app, um you will receive a payout from Apple um later on once they've kind of verified the payment. Um that's that's that's what happens. Um and then as we said, Revenue Cat is free. So you don't pay Revenue Cat anything until you're generating over $25,000 a month. And then at that point, we would take 1%. So we would take 1% of the the revenue that you're generating and then you receive your your payout from from Apple. So um yeah, we're not we're not a payment processor, just to make that uh super clear. Um I think do we have anything else we can answer here? Do we get any any comments on what they're building? All right. So let's save that. We'll say do we have another period of building here? So again I want to see what you're building your ideas. Also join the shipathon discord. Also join the replet discord. We're creating a separate channel just for folks that are participating in the ship a ton. Um so head over to our discord. You can go to community uh replet.com community and join a discord that way open to everybody even free users and join that channel so that we can chat about how we're going to completely dominate this competition and get to hang out in New York. Everybody that's what I'm looking forward to. Okay. So we're going to have another period to answer some questions because we have to build this thing. Okay, so now I'm all set here. Agent is all done. Again, took a little bit of while. It took 16 minutes. Okay, but listen, man. All the work that I did and I was just like hanging out like, "All right, I'll take it." I would have got a cup of coffee, would been back, and now this is all set up. So now, to recap, I have my app. It's functional. It works. I tested it. Looks good. It's monetized. It's got a payw wall. It's all clean. And it looks great. And I was able to just do this in what we started like 40 minutes ago, Matt. Like, this is so cool. This is so much fun. This is so much fun. Um, okay. So, now let's talk about getting this into the Apple Store Connect. Historically, this has been a real pain, folks. So, let me show you how to do this. So, first thing we're going to do is we're going to publish this application. So, I'm going to head over to our new tools pane, and I'm going to head over to publishing, and I am going to publish this. So, it even built a little icon for me. How about that? Isn't that nice? >> [laughter] >> And I'm just going to go ahead and click on publish and deploy that. And this could take like roughly five minutes or so. So, we're going to have um Replet agent package all of this up, publish it for us, and then the next thing that we're going to do is ship this over to um Apple Store uh connect. App Store Connect. Should we should we touch on what Apple store connect is and the Apple developer program and what you need to do there? >> Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Okay. So, Apple Store Connect is the central hub or Apple's kind of um portal for you putting apps on their radar, filling in key information for those different apps. And then maybe I could just share this here. This is uh one that I did yesterday here. Um, so once we get it here, um, this is where you're going to describe all of the details that you have for your app. So, let me actually show an app that I did earlier on for when we first launched, uh, the mobile app. I built this um, unicorn pet thing for my niece. And, um, and so this is where I'm telling uh, Apple like, you know, what is it? Who is it for, what am I charging, what's the functionality, what, you know, what does the screen look like? all the details that you expect when you go to this app in the app store. Like all of that information is going to come through here. This is also where you're going to set up payments or just confirm that payments are set up after you set it up on the replicide with revenue. And then it's also going to be where you submit this for approval to the the the um app store team for them to either give you feedback on how to make it better and try again or to tell you that it's now available on the app store. One thing to note that in order for you to submit apps to the app store, you do need a developer account. That's rough that's roughly 100 bucks per year and you pay that to Apple and you need to set that up. I would encourage you to set that up as soon as possible because that is a little bit tricky. For me, it took 3 days to get it up and running, but I've heard people, you know, it taking like up to three, four weeks depending on where you are. ge uh geographically because if you're like in like some certain places like there like there's a whole bunch of things that um go into it. So I would encourage you to set that up as soon as possible just to have that um done. Um and I would say that this is actually the this is like now become the hard part of getting an app in front of people is navigating this entire setup. Fortunately, we had Matt do it on the live stream uh several months back. A lot of uh blood, sweat, and tears there, Matt, on that live stream. But um let me uh let me try to find that here and then um we'll we'll drop that in for folks as well for people can to go and check that out like Yeah, here it is. Bam. Look at that, Matt. Five 5.3Ks on this, dude. Let's go. People love me. This is [laughter] This is PTSD. Yeah, this is this is >> um So, let me see. I don't know if I can't if I I'll try to drop it in there. I'm not sure if it renders on the chat. It does. Okay. Does it >> render? But yeah, we got we got we got the link. Yeah, we got the link there. >> Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody else that has rights to drop to make sure that renders on the um on the YouTube chat, go check that out. Um we also had Charlie here who's a pro navigate us through that entire um process. But yeah, like more and more the you know getting it approved by Apple is becoming the big bottleneck now. like I used to be like building it like coming up with the idea monetization all that is streamlined as you saw us do now this is the tough part okay cool so let me just go back here and um get an update here so congratulations it is all built out the other cool thing is again I can build other artifacts we can go into that a little bit later let's stay on track here so now I've got this published and now I have this nice option to publish canwise to the app store and all I'm going to do is I'm going to click on this button here and it's going to take me to the expo wizard and it's going to walk me through setting this up. Pretty straightforward. I'm going to enter in my um Apple developer account information. I'm going to get a name assigned to this. You can change this if you want. I'm going to continue here. Then it's going to give me app meta details like the app name and the bundle identifier. remember this. Sometimes you have to like use this. Uh and then we're going to create the app. So let's see here. Your Apple has expired. Let me sign in. Okay. So let me go off. >> Yeah, not off screen. >> Let me go off screen and sign in here. >> And just for anybody wondering like this because this process like you're in Replet and then you're using this thing called Expo and and what is Expo and what is Expo launch like the easiest way to think about this is it's just the tool that will take you from Replet. So your project in Replet, it will bundle that up kind of g like put it together and then upload it to app store connect which is the the the um the the Apple tool that Manny was just talking about the control control center for your apps that you're going to be publishing on the app store. So Expo takes care of all of that. So that the flow that that Manny will will pull back up in a second. That's what's happening here. Um it's just helping us get it up onto the up onto App Store Connect. >> Yeah. And folks, I can't tell you how like big of a difference this is. Um, you know, I'm curious. Is there anybody here in the chat that has deployed apps to the Apple Store Connect ecosystem that had to do this before this? I'd be curious to hear your experience cuz now I'm just logging in here. Probably should share that my identification code. >> Five five or six clicks and you're there. [laughter] Yeah. >> Right. Okay. So, I'm choosing the app here now. I'm going to create the app. Okay. So, Expo Go is going to go to work on that and it's going to start um calling it. Uh, I need to create a new certificate. This might give me an error telling me that I have to create a new certificate as expected. So, all I'm going to do is go here to certificates. I'm going to delete the most the let's see, the oldest one, >> revoke this. Bam. Um, just be mindful that if you deployed something with one of those certificates, you have to go back and add a certificate. But the certificate, I guess I'm not entirely sure on what this is, Matt, but I'm guessing this is like, you know, uh I guess like um Apple's way of verifying that this app is legit is really from me. Uh not sure. Let's see here. Okay. >> Yeah, I think I think it's just like um I think it's just like a digital credential that is issued by Apple to you as like a trusted developer and they only grant three at a time. You can only have three running and that's why you received that error. Um, but you should you should now be able to uh >> let's revoke another one. >> Okay, >> let's revoke another one. Okay, come on. >> Should allow you that should allow you to create one now. >> There we go. Let's go. Um, okay, cool. So, let's see here. >> And I think you need to create Yeah, create new profile. >> All right. Boom. >> There you go. >> Continue. And then >> look at that. This is my favorite button here in this whole demo, folks. Bam. Launch to the App Store. And then we're gonna wait. This can take anywhere between five to 20 minutes. Uh but um we'll see. You know, the hard part, at least for us, is done. We've signed in. We've clicked through this. And now we just got to wait again for agent and the uh expo functionality to do its magic. But in the meantime, um, what else? What other questions can we add? We have >> All right, we got lots of folks building. Uh, they can't decide which of the several projects they're building they want to they want to they want to do uh or they want to focus on. But I well, you showed earlier that you can you can build multiple um in parallel. So uh yeah, folks, you should just you should just tinker and build as many as many as you uh as many as you as you want. Um and then yeah the question around like Shipeton and whether um it's available to uh to different apps and Apple versus Google Play Store, a Samsung store. Uh the answer there is it can be an iOS app, it can be uh an Android app, so it can be on the app store, it can be on the Google Play Store or it can be on the on the on the Galaxy Store. Um just it just can't have been live uh before the 1 of August. Um we've got uh what other questions do we have here? Gonzalo here is mentioning that it could take up to a month to get something published in the Play Store. I don't have a lot of experience. I don't have any experience actually with publishing in Play Store. I would take Gonzalo's word for it. So, if you want to get on Android, yeah, do that as soon as possible. >> Yeah, I think that's because there's a like a tester or testing requirement there where you have to get external testers. I'm I'm I'm also not as familiar with the Google Play side of things, but I think that's what that is. So yeah, if you're going to build if you're going to be building for Google Play um as part of Shippeton, then then definitely get moving fast. Uh but I think that's why there's a bit of a longer lead time there. Uh the question here on how long does Apple take to approve your app on the App Store. Uh honestly, that's that's that's a tough question to to to answer. So we'll run through we'll go back into App Store Connect in in a little bit and we'll run through all of the bits that you have to fill out um in App Store Connect before you can then you know you can send it to Apple for review. What typically happens, I mean Elias, who was speaking earlier, is a little bit of an outlier. He got approved first time round. Um, typically what will happen, especially if it's your first time submitting, um, is you'll get a rejection, um, because you may have missed out, uh, filling out a certain bit of information or something you've uploaded needs needs additional, um, evidence. And it it depends on that really depends on the back and forth you have with the App Store review team, how long it can take. So, it can be as quick as as 24 to 48 hours. Um, but then it can take a bit a bit longer if you're having to go back and forth with the uh the review team. I published a I vi coded an app at the start of this year, got it onto the onto the store, got it through review, and I think I went through like four or five rejections with Apple. Yeah, this this noob over here. >> Yeah. And and I think that is I think that's pretty typical. But what's good is every time you receive a rejection, Apple gives you um information on what's missing, what they're looking for. you can then respond, you can add notes. Um, and then that that cycle just goes back and forth, back and forth. Um, and the more the more I guess like the thing I would say is the more detail you can provide first time round, the more time you can spend making sure you've got everything in App Store Connect, um, that will increase your chances of getting uh, approved first time. >> Oh, that reminds me, we're working on a guide, right, to help folks work through this. Matt, >> great call out. Yeah, give us a >> Yeah, we will have a guide out very, very shortly. It's kind of a um a walk through on basically what we're doing today, like how to build uh an iOS app using Replet, using Revenue Cat, but it also has the a whole section on um App Store Connect and then the app review process. So things that you need to fill out in App Store Connect in order to be able to to to submit for review. Um and then also some information on kind of common rejection reasons, things that Apple might come back to you on, how to address those, that kind of thing. So yeah, we'll make that available uh very very soon. Um, it's uh it's it's it's pretty big. I think it was like last time I checked it was like 40 40 plus pages with all the different screenshots and everything. Uh, but the idea there is it's just like a bit of a Bible that you can kind of fall back on if you're if you're struggling with any part of the process. >> I suggest just grabbing that doc and putting it in putting it in into Replet as a like a resource. Just drop it in there like, "Hey, leverage this resource and walk me through the entire process step by step." And just like have agent guide you through that. >> Yeah. There we are, Ruth. It took It took Ruth four goes. That's Yeah, that's a typical experience. That's That's very That's very normal. Wear like a badge of honor. I should also mention, actually, sorry, Manny, very quickly, if you do get if you do get um a rejection from Apple, you can qualify for our Revenue Cat App Store rejection socks. So, we have we have a link. I'm going to drop it in the chat. Um if you get rejected, we'll send you some free socks. So, that makes up for a little bit of the the pain. Um so, I'm going to I'm going to drop that in. Anyone that's been rejected, make sure to claim some some Revenue Cat rejection socks. >> I'm going to need four pairs, Matt. [laughter] Um uh um really need a dude. Okay, so really quick, I wanted to uh Okay, so let me show everybody where we are over here. Um with our build still cooking here, publishing to app again. It says up to 45 minutes. My experience has been like 10 to 20 minutes here. We'll let this go. But I also want to do an I take an opportunity to plug our design AON that's happening now. So we launched Reply Design last week and to coincide with that we have a competition. We got 50K in cash and prize. Okay. It's not a million dollars. I get it. Okay. Not a shipon million dollars, but it's one week. It's 50K. And um really the idea here is for you to leverage replet design and build something, make it interesting. doesn't have to be necessarily like the most functional app or like most like a detailed app, but like we're really focused on like you doing something interesting with design. And so head over to buildathon.replet.app and go and check that out. Um and then I would say like if you notice like for this like I started in design for this particular build. So if you build something for shippeton and you happen to start with replet design, it's it's pretty straightforward to submit for this competition as well and also get you some free credits there. >> That's a great call. So yeah, two two competitions for the price of one. That's a that's a great idea. >> Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Like yeah, like you have to do this anyways. You might, you know, you can double dip into these different competitions. There's like no uh hard requirement on that. Um, the other thing I would say is that as you're building folks, please like I would say I' I' I'd encourage you to share what you're learning on socials. Um, you know, it doesn't have to be, you know, feel like anything like profound or anything new, but just like talk about your experience like if especially like if you're a new builder, you know, documenting that, that's really great. Or even if you're an experienced builder, like what's new with AI? Like that those types of insights are really helpful. And I would say like drop those on socials, tag me, tag Matt. I'd love to hear these stories. Um, it's a great way to get some exposure. It's a great way to get on our radar. Um, and then, yeah, I'd say like, >> yeah, was >> Yeah, sorry, Manny. Sorry, Manny. Just to that point, we were talking at at the start, if you um, just searching for the hashtag shippeton um, at the moment. If you do that, go and do that on X or Tik Tok or elsewhere. There's so many people building in public. uh great like place to get some like inspiration, see what people are doing, uh see what folks are building, um what people are struggling with, what people are um having success with. Uh so yeah, I would I would plug that as a place to go and and check out. There's a really strong community. >> Please. Yeah, please do that. And definitely tag me. Matt, I don't know if you like your notifications lit up like that, but I I love it. I love waking up first thing in the morning and like people have tagged me like, "This is what I build. This is how much money I made on Replet last night." as we like it's a you know it's like a nice little jolt of energy first thing in the A.M. [laughter] >> Um >> perfect. Okay, here we are. Cool. So, it looks like we are all set here. So, let's go back here and Okay, so now this is ready. This is in the app store. So, if I click here, manage. >> Sorry, man. It's not it's not loading for me just yet. Uh oh. Okay, there we go. Can see your screen now. It was just taking Yeah, it's just taking a moment to come up. >> Okay, cool. Um, so now this is uh this published. I don't know that took like 10 15 minutes. Um, okay. So I'm going to click on this and oh, okay. So that's the the if I want to have folks test it on Expo Go, I can send that there, but I meant to click on manage app store settings. There we go. So now you're going to see Canwise and all the details here in App Store Connect. So, this is where the fun part starts. So, we're just going to give you a highle overview of what you're going to do next here. And be on the lookout for that guide that's going to go into detail. And also, we have that video that we did, part one of our collab that's going to walk you through all of this. In that video, we walk through every step that you need to do to submit this. But, really quick, I want just want to call out here um the manage um uh um um revenue functionality here. >> Oh, yeah. I think I think you just need to I was I was playing with this last night. If you just refresh the the page, man, refresh the builder and um it will I'm pretty sure you'll then see the the prompt to There you go. >> Ah, here we go. Cool. So, now can click on this here and we got to do a couple of things to set up our revenue integration in Apple store connect. Good thing is that you just get walked you can walk through the through uh that here. And so, I'm going to go here to Apple Store Connect. So if I go here and I go to >> and just to explain what's happening here while you're doing that. So when when agent connected revenue cat to replet we created those like sandbox test products a test subscription product. So we have like a monthly and a yearly product. Um, but what we need to do now is take those products and actually get them into App Store Connect because as part of the app review process, Apple also looks at your your subscription products, your inapp purchase products. And so we have to make um what we're doing here or what agents going to help us do is make a connection between Revenue Cat and App Store Connect and make sure we can um we can sync the products um so that they can they can get approved. Um and so the first step here that Manny's doing is he's generating a an API an app store connect API key. All the instructions for this, by the way, are in Replet. Like you saw the the screenshot that was provided, and um it will kind of walk you through what to do, but he's grabbing the the API key here, and then we're going to drop it into replet, which will um make uh make this process a lot easier. You used to have to do this all like very manually, and it took a long time, but this this uh automates the whole thing. >> So yeah, I drop this O key, local downloads, and I'm dropping this in here. And then I'm going here to So I grab the key here. Copy key ID. And then I also need to copy my issuer ID here. Go back to raplet. Drop that in there. Hit continue. Now I have to do enter inapp purchases. So similar type of process again. I'll just click on here, which is nice. Just takes you right to the place. This is so convenient. I used to have to look this up on my own, dude. >> [laughter] >> Um, >> I pretty sure on the last stream we lost like 10 minutes to that like trying to find the right. >> I think it was like 30 minutes, dude. We're like looking at documentation and all that. So like I'm just going to hit on active here again. Can wise demo um generate. Okay, cool. So can wise demo here. Going to download that. Going to copy this here. Copy key ID. Going to go back here. Continue. Key ID. Drop that in here. This is a speed round here. And then again, I need that issuer ID. I think it was here. Copy here. Ah, I think it was I think it's the same, but just to double check. Um, issuer ID. Continue. And then I just have one um thing here. I'm going to click on Okay. Okay. So now I have to select territories, right? I can't do I can I click all of them or can I just do I have to just pick one territory? >> No. So at this point you're just picking one. Um but that's okay because in a moment when we go through everything in App Store Connect, we can update this. So if you want to make this available worldwide, um we can make that change once we get into App Store Connect. Um so you just pick one here. That's it. Doesn't matter. >> Yeah. Ruth says here like just finding these pages in the app store is the worst. I I dude, they make it so hard to navigate this. I don't want to trash talk cuz I don't want to get like kicked off like the the ecosystem. Um, but for feedback, this is extremely hard to navigate here. Like I don't know what's going on here. Like finding my like my apps and going through distribution. Like I always like figure like I always get lost here and Ruth is calling that out. Like it's it's especially if you don't spend a lot of time here. Like most people will do this once like what like every like two weeks at the max as they're setting up a new app. So like you have to like re like learn everything from scratch every time. >> Yeah. I think especially if you're new to this, you know, you just signed up for the first developer program, you've never done it before, like it it is it is it is it is difficult. But I mean thankfully like agent takes most of that that that pain away. So there we go. It's saved. That's awesome. >> Y that's so cool. Okay. Um one thing to look out for folks, um you cannot use the same identifier for uh payment plans. you have to give it a unique name. Um I I think last night I had like I I it reused one of the previous things like got an error. So just tell agent to give it a unique name. It should fix it. But here in this case it didn't have to do that. So that which was nice. Um okay. So now we're clicking done here. So now what have we done? So what we've what we've what we've done there is we've um so we we've given we've basically synced uh revenue and um app store connect together because we created uh our yearly subscription product in revenue and so we had to make the connection to app store connect so it can appear there and yeah now what that what that's what what has triggered this is now when you click into subscriptions you can see that um a subs a subscription group has been created is what we're looking at and within that group you've got the canwise pro annual subscription Uh, and as you can see there, the status is prepare for submission. Um, and that means that um, Apple Store Connect can see the product. It's there, but we we need to give Apple a bit more information about the subscription product um, before we can submit it for review. Um, so just to recap, you you submit both your kind of app and all of the information about the app and what it does. Um, as well as each subscription product, you have to you have to submit it for review at the same time. So yeah, Manny, if you jump back jump back to the sorry on the left hand side, go back down to subscriptions. Um and what we can do is uh jump into Yeah. So the default jump into the group that it's just been that's just been created. And then if you jump into that product. So if you click on Catwise Pro annual um this is the page that you will next you'll need to fill out for every every subscription product that you have. So if you had a weekly, a monthly, and an annual, you would have three three different products to go through. Here we've just got the annual. So at the top uh is all of the the kind of uh identifier and sort of general information. That's all fine to to leave as it is. The family sharing is the first thing you might want to decide whether you want to turn on or turn off that allows folks to share a subscription amongst a group like a family group of devices. Once you turn it off, you can't sorry turn it on, you can't turn it off. Uh so make sure you you um think about that whether you want to enable that or you want to keep it off. Um and then the availability part, this is where we set um where we want the the subscription product to be available to users. Um, so if we click edit there, Manny, um, we'd said, uh, the US when we were syncing the product, um, in Replet, but here you can select all at the top if you just want it to be available kind of world worldwide, or you can pick like individual uh, countries um, that you want your subscription product to be available in. Um, >> what's it what's recommended default here? Is it just do all of them? I mean, yeah, first for a first-time launch, unless there's any any reason why you don't want um your the subscription product to be available somewhere, then um I don't think there's any reason not to do like a worldwide global global launch. Maximize the number of users that can pay for your pay for your app. >> Perfect. Okay. And then um Okay, cool. So, oh, and if you notice, I'm getting pricing here in the local currency here and it's like making the conversion automatically, which is nice. >> Yeah, exactly. So, so Apple will automatically calculate the equivalent in the local currency and list it there. You actually can go in and specify like individual pricing. So, um we kind of talked about that earlier about testing different prices and your monetization strategy. If for example, you wanted to charge users in a specific country more for for the subscription or less, you can do that. But first, for first time just getting going, um you can go with what Apple suggests here. >> Okay. So, let me go ahead and confirm that. And as we're doing that, um, we're in overtime now, folks. So, if you want us to stay on overtime, let us know in the chat. I think this is good. I don't think we have much more to cover here, but I think we want to do some last minute things, but I do want to mention, um, uh, killgut.com. Kilg.com. Uh, can agent do all this for me? Unfortunately, not yet. We're It'd be so great if we can have an MCP into App Store Connect and do all this for you. Cannot. Um, best thing I would recommend is have agent walk you through all the details you have to put in for the submission. Have it write it out. Um, there's a privacy URL that you need as well. Have agent build that out for you. Like just help like have agent help you as much as possible and you just copy paste here. But unfortunately not just yet. Um, but looking forward um to it. >> Yeah. >> Um, okay. And then Yeah. >> Scroll down a little bit further just make sure there's nothing else to uh to check. Oh yeah. So sorry at the bottom. money. The other bit we need to click on um is localization. So if you click the ad localization um this is just the description of the product that's going to appear um in the uh in the app store. So so when someone clicks on your listing and and um there'll be a description of the the products. So if you just if you just pick your local local language. So um English um enter a enter a display name >> like canwise. >> Um yeah can like annual plan or something. Yeah. Display name. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> This is the display name for the for the for the product. Okay. Yeah. >> For the product. Yeah. For the for the thing. Yeah. Exactly. For the subscription product. >> Damn. >> Um >> Okay. Save that. >> Save that. And then we have an image underneath that is optional. So you can you can ignore that. Um the tax category stuff you can leave um as it is. Nothing to change there. And then the review information. So this is important. So here we need to upload a screenshot of our payw wall that shows the subscription product that we're describing here that shows that annual plan. Um and again the reason for that that this isn't public facing. It's not going to appear anywhere on the public like app store listing. um but it's for the the Apple review team. So they will they will look at this um to make sure that kind of the product that we're describing here matches what's appearing on the payw wall. So um you can generate a payw wall sorry a screenshot you can get as Manny's doing here get agent to create a quick screenshot for you um or take one um on on the device and upload it there. >> I'm just giving a little context here so it knows little screenshot. This is for App Store Connect. Drop it in there. Oh, probably didn't need the plan mode there. Oh, it's a task. So, it's going to do it. Okay, cool. Um, awesome. We'll wait for that. And then we have some >> So, this Yeah, so there's something in there already. I think agent might have maybe uploaded that already. We can leave that there. See See if I know it's I know it's not I know it's not right, but it just for the for the purposes of a of a demo. If you now click add for review at the top, Manny, see what happens. Um, okay. So, that's okay. We can't submit because we need to do fill out other information, but that's all right. It's created a draft submission. >> And if you just go, if you scroll back to the top of the page, >> hopefully this you'll see the status. Uh, there you go. So, the status at the top has now changed to ready for review on the left hand side. You'll see the little yellow indicator. Um, so that means we've now filled out all the information that Apple is going to need about this subscription product. So, we're make we're making progress. It might not feel like it might feel >> this feels a lot better than a couple months back. So, >> you know, it was it was a newer integration and we're announced. I was like, man, why don't you take this one? Why don't you uh you know, be good for you to demo all this, dude. So, before Matt, I put you in throw you in front of the bus on that. >> Exactly. [laughter] Exactly. It's unfortunately it still remains a little bit of a manual process. Like agent does basically as as much as it can. It gets you as far as possible, but this part you're still going to need to do. Um, so if we go back now, Manny, to the subscription groups, if you click on default at the top and it takes you back to the the group as I as I mentioned, if you had multiple different subscription products here, so imagine we had like a monthly and a weekly um, they would also appear here because the agent would have synced those to uh to to App Store Connect and they would als you'd have to fill out all that information for those products as well until you see the status ready for review. So, um just a call out to make sure you step through that process for every subscription product that you have. Um and now, um you'll see that under default at the top, we still have a prepare for submission status. Now, that's referring to the group, the subscription group. The way to change that to ready for review is if you scroll down, Manny, you'll see there's a localization uh button. Click uh create. And this is just basically doing the same thing that we did at the product level, but for the group level. Um, so you can just give the subscription group a display name. And yeah, you can leave that as use the app name. And now if you hit once that's done, if you hit add for review, it's thinking. There we go. So yeah, if you click add for review now, um what that will do is it will package. Yeah, you can click and click draft submission. So we're creating that draft submission. Every time we click add for review, we're kind of adding parts of this to the the review that Apple is going to is going to see. Um there we go. And now you can see on the on the left hand side of the screen under where it says default, um the status for the subscription group has now also changed to ready for review. Um, so that means that um, all of your subs, your subscription group and all of your subscription products within the group are now ready for review by Apple. Um, and so that's you have to go through this process um, as well as filling out all the other information in in App Store Connect. >> Amazing, dude. This is great. So so much smoother. I mean, this is the thing like it it's getting better and better and easier and easier. People are asking like can agent eventually yes. So, you know, just keep start working on this, folks. And if there's some friction points, just know that it's probably going to get better cuz I you can go and look at the replay that we had a couple months back. It was like much more painful to do all of this. So, just get started and it's going to get smoother for everybody. >> Um, quick fallout, money, I know I know we're running a little bit over time, but um I think uh >> we're in overtime. We're just going to keep we're going to keep rolling. This will be useful to people when they're watching this back. um totally if you could just jump into the revenue cat dashboard quickly because I just want to make sure it's clear kind of what's happened on that side as well. So um back into the revenue cat dashboard. If you click on um the product catalog on the left hand side >> Mhm. >> and you click on uh products. >> Yep. >> There we go. So what we're looking at here um is you can now see so when we when we first when we go all the way back to the start of this uh demo when Manny was connecting Revenue Cat and Replet we created that test store product which is the one at the very bottom. So that's like the sandbox product. Um, but then we also created the actual real like iOS product, the real um, yearly subscription. And that's what you can see there called CanWise Pro Annual in the iOS box at the top um, with the status ready to submit. And that's because we've gone into App Store Connect. We've filled out all that information that we've just been through. And so now Revenue Cat can see that product in App Store Connect. It can see that it's like ready for for submission and we've filled out everything. And so the status in Revenue Cat is also ready to submit. So, it's just worth um making sure that you're seeing uh the same status on both sides because that means the sync between App Store Connect and and and Revenue Cat is working and everything is is good there because if it's not bad, but if it is good. [laughter] >> Yes. Uh that's great. Um awesome. Anything else to call out on the payment setup? And let's see if I if I got my um well, got to start building on that. Um cuz again is there anything else we have to do on the payment setup and or or do we just go to the submission for the the app here? >> Yeah. So that's that's it for the payment stuff. So just it's just yeah just to make sure make sure you do all of that for the the payment stuff. Um but once you've done that you're good for the for all of your like subscription products. Um once you've stepped through those those those bits. >> That's great. Yep. And then now like the tedious part here is filling out all of the information um for the for the submission, right? Like where you >> Yeah. >> Um you have to add your screenshots and all that. Remind me where do I do that again? >> So if you click where it says prepare for submission. Yeah. It's not it's really not that intuitive. So at the top top left very uh of the >> Oh, it's clickable. How [laughter] do you know that? >> I know, right? >> Come on. >> Yeah. It's It's a challenge. Um so yeah, this is where you would Yeah, this is this is where you do all of that. >> Awesome. Yeah. So yeah, you have screenshots here. Um description, all of this. And again, I would just go into agent and like say like I'm getting ready to prepare this for Apple connect uh store review. Uh there's a bunch of different um fields that I have to fill out such as the description, promotional text. Can you kind of prepare all of that for me and put it in a doc for me to copy paste it over? >> And then I'll just drop that there. Um >> yeah, perfect. This used to be like this used to be the most painful. Um well, I mean it still is, you know, it's still it's still a little bit tricky to navigate, but this used to be so much more difficult to do because you'd have to you'd have to create all the screenshots manually. you'd have to figure out what you were going to put in all of the in all of your promotional text. But yeah, you can just let let agent help you with with this. Just for people uh so so everyone is is aware like on that page that money was on in App Store Connect where you're uploading screenshots and [clears throat] you're adding promotional text, that's the information that appears on your app store listing. So when your app goes live in the store and you search for it in in the app store, that's the that's the um that's the information that a user will see. So they will see screenshots um of of your app. They'll then see your description um and everything else. And so that's what you're that's what you're filling out there. And so it's important to um yeah, spend time and effort making sure that all the information there is is accurate and is good because that's what that's what people will see when they they search for your app in in the store. >> The that is so important. Um for sure. Um for the screenshots, I think agent can generate those now. We'll see. And then otherwise I just dropped into Canva and I put uh something together um there as well. Yeah, there are a lot of thirdparty tools that can help with generating screenshots now, but I'm pretty sure agent will be able to do it. Um, and and then yeah, we we have some the the guide I keep hinting at. We have some advice on like what to include in your in your screenshots. Um, but uh but yeah, the the it's a lot easier now to create those than it was um you know, a year ago when you had to do that that manually. >> Um okay, so it's saying here in attached assets, I should have an image here. Canwise, where is that? uh deliverables. Let's see how this looks like. Oh, cool. >> I'm still looking at the uh previewer here. I don't know whether >> uh Are you on Replet? Did you see Replet? >> I can just see I can just see Replet. Yeah. >> Yeah. Oh, so I was just going back here to If you remember, I asked it for a screenshot of the payw wall. >> Do you see this? >> It looks like it. No, it looks like it might. Oh, wait. There we go. Sorry. It maybe it was frozen, but yeah, we can see I can I can see it now. I can see the screenshot now. >> Yeah. So, it actually did a really good job of generating the screenshots. So, I think agent will be able to generate these screenshots and it looks like it's right. It's it's correctly proportioned and um if you notice I it it told me it told me where it put it parked it. So, I just again to get all of your files for this project, head over here. I go I go to the files and then I just find it here in deliverables. And here it is. And then I'll just grab this and download this. And then boom, it's going to be um ready to go. Um okay, cool. And then let's see here. So Apple store start building. That's the one thing you have to remember on this. You have to and start building because you're in plan mode. Um okay, cool. All right, folks. That was awesome. We had to go 20 minutes of overtime, folks, but we had to finish this. Dude, did we get any bugs here, Matt? What's going on? >> I don't think we did. >> Holy Toledo. >> I'm kind of I'm kind of a little bit annoyed, right? Like my my live stream was peppered with bugs and you've just flown through uh no no problem whatsoever. >> You're the trailblazer, dude. [laughter] You're the You're the wind be beneath my wings, dude. You go first. Oh man, that was so good. That was so much fun. Um, I think yeah, you got the full end to end process. I mean, really like the the the book ends is what we didn't cover, which is like how do you come up with that idea, but we gave you suggestions there. And then also like how do you submit it finally into uh the app store for review, but everything else in between like that 90% of the work that goes, I think we covered it all live as well. We had Elias kind of give you like a really good example of how he did this over the weekend and how how he's going about growing it. And you know the nice thing about all this being streamlined is that it just gives you more time to focus on the things that matter which is promoting your application, the content, the distribution, the onboarding, the turn, the analytics, all that stuff that you know really ultimately is like going to determine whether or not your app is a success or not. Um, so I'm, you know, I am so so pumped about this. >> Thank you, Manny. Yeah, I mean, and thank you for running through all of that because it's no it's no mean feat, but uh yeah, it's uh it's awesome. And yeah, there you go. That's it's it's the caffeine that's been uh that's been fueling you. But uh no, it's it's it's it's great and it's like it's so much easier now than ever before to build a thing. So to build something, to get it on the app store. Yes, it's like a bit of a wrestle to get through App Store Connect and get all the information. Uh but yeah, you can get it on the store and if you take part in shipon, you can win you can win big as a result. So um yeah, I would just encourage everybody to to give it a go. Um we have the two disc, we have replets discord, we have our own shipon discord. So if you're fired up after this, but you still have questions, whether it's on like just the building piece, whether it's on the app store connect piece or anything else, like just encourage everyone to jump in into Discord, ask away um and we can we can help out there. >> Yes. And please share what you're building on socials. Tag me, tag Matt, tag Rhyar, Francisco, the whole community team here at Replet. We love to see that. And just keep me posted on what you're building. Also, let us know what was helpful. What should what didn't we cover that would have been helpful for you. Um, we might come back and do the part two. And another thing we've been talking about, Matt, is doing more of this because for us, we're seeing so much interest >> in folks building mobile on Replet. And so I feel like there's a lot of stories out there. Like when I was looking at the folks to bring on to the show, we had like 10 20 people that I thought would have been good for that segment. Um so if you want to see more of those stories and get those profiles, let us know. The vibe coding guide is in progress. That should drop sometime soon. What I would recommend is follow me Matt on socials, get into our Discords, and I'm sure once that's available, we'll drop it in there as well. If you RSVPd on our Luma page for this event on the Replic calendar, then I'll do a follow-up email and be sure to include that as well. >> Awesome. Great stuff. Well, thank you very much, Manny. That was that was great. And thank you everybody for tuning in, for asking the questions. There was a ton of engagement, which is great to see. So, um, I appreciate it. And uh yeah, best of luck shipping. Good luck building. Can't wait to see what [snorts] everyone comes up with. >> Do we have a music feature here in Riverside? Do you know? Because we usually like to send sign off our >> Well, I saw someone say, "Manny, do the dance." Do you have like a dance you do to end every live stream? >> Well, we play a little music, you know, we jam it up a little bit. Especially like today that we got no bugs. Like I'm feeling like I need to get it out. And plus, I have like all this energy in me, all this caffeine in me. So, I got to get a dance off. So, >> Oh, I wish you'd given me warnings. I >> There we go. I hear it. >> Oh, is that me? Is that me? >> I'm hearing it. Yeah. >> There you go. [music] >> Should I be dancing? >> You should be dancing. You should be dancing. Definitely. If you're watching, you should be dancing, too. >> Thank you everybody. Thank you. We'll see you on the next one. Cheers.