We're live, I think. Um, and I'm now going to do that awkward thing where we fill time for 30 seconds as we wait for people to to roll in and confirm everything is working. So, welcome everybody. If you're listening to this on the YouTube live stream, um, drop us a message in there. Make sure everything is uh >> working as expected. Let us know where you are, uh, joining from. Um, Mike, hello. Uh, where where are you joining from? >> From LA. >> LA. Very nice. Okay. And how how is the this is this is me filling filling the time. How is uh how is the weather in LA? >> Uh the last few days have been 108 and today is a nice 80 something. So >> okay. As someone that that operates in Celsius only, I'm like I have no idea what that means, but it sounds like sounds like it's good. >> Feels near boiling. Whatever point that is. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Very cool. I can see I can see uh I can see messages coming through which is great. That means we are we're up and running. So, um, let's get started. Yeah, welcome everybody. Welcome to today's, uh, Shippeton live stream. Um, I'm excited for this one. We are officially at the halfway mark. So, we've made it through four weeks, uh, of the of the of the two or the eight week, the two-month window. Um, and it's usually at this point we start turning our attention away from kind of building or coming up with an app idea and validating that app idea and building the app through to thinking about how you grow and scale, acquire your first users, that kind of thing. Um, and that's what today's session is going to be focused on. Um, so super excited that we have Mike here. We'll do proper intros in a moment. Um, but yeah, the focus today is going to be more on um, yeah, how do you start acquiring users going from that build phase through to the grow phase. Um, and uh, also showing you a bit more of the the layers product, which I think is going to be it's going to be very cool. Uh, so I'm going to share my my screen and we can get uh get into things properly. Um, okie dokie. There we go. [snorts] All right. So, um, most of you here, if you've listened to a live stream before, you might be familiar with me. I'm Matt. I look after partnerships at RevenueCat. Um, I'm not going to do any talk any more about me. Uh, because the focus really should be on Mike. Mike is the founder of Layers. Um, who is our guest today. So, yeah, Mike, do you want to do a bit of an intro? Tell everyone a little bit more about about you and, uh, and, uh, and Layers. >> Yeah, thanks for having me. Really excited for this. Uh, so I'm Mike. I'm a bit of a dinosaur. I've been coding since the '9s. Uh, in 2011, we built out an ad tech startup, my co-founder and I, uh, we ended up basically building out adte tech across all the different social platforms. We sold that in 2015 and then, uh, we actually went to Snapchat and built out all of their ad stack. Then after Snap, went back to startup land and saw everybody on X making some number of MR and I was like, I want to do that too. And so built a mobile app and uh realized people don't actually show up when you build [clears throat] a mobile app. So that transitioned us into layers which we'll talk about in a bit. >> What was the uh the mobile app that you built? >> Uh it's a good question. The first one was uh a game actually. It was a a card [clears throat] game. Yeah. >> Oh, very cool. Okay. Okay. That's uh that's kind of topical. We've never done um we've never had a games category for Shippeton before. This is the first year we've had one. And I think it might be one of the most popular like prize categories. We've seen so many people building games. Um, but to your point, maybe the easy bit now is like the building the game and the harder bit is then getting people to to use it, right? >> That's really how we feel about it. Now you can just tell Claude, "Go do this. Make no mistakes and >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Um, all right. Great stuff. Um, usual usual reminder, the reason we do these sessions live uh is so that uh they can be interactive. So, if you're listening on YouTube, um, use the chat to ask, uh, ask us any questions as we're going through. Uh, if you're listening anywhere else, um, then you can use the Discord, uh, do ask questions. We'll keep an eye on that during the live stream. Uh, and just a call out, the usual call out to join the Discord if you're not part of it already. Um, great place to go and interact with other people building as part of Shipon. Uh, interact with folks like Mike, um, and other sponsors as well if you have specific questions. Um, so check that out if you're not there already. Um, oh yeah, I forgot I put this in. So I wanted to to call something out that we we published today actually. So I'm going to stop sharing this tab and move to something else. Um couple of uh exciting updates. So we have um this is devost uh which most people will be familiar with. This is where you go to register for shipon but also where you go to submit your project once you are once you're done. Um we've made this project gallery section public now. So you can actually go here and have a look uh at some of the projects that have already been submitted so far. Um you can click into each one. you can have a look um at the video that's been provided and some of the information on the submission itself. So, great place to go uh and see what your your competition um are up to, I guess. Uh and then the other thing that we have released uh which I think has been live for a while now, but we've made some updates to um is our shipon showcase website. Uh so, similar theme, we actually built this because we felt the dev post uh gallery uh the functionality wasn't as uh good as it could be. So, we decided to build build our own version. And here you can go and have a look at all of the apps that have been um built and submitted for previous editions of Shippeton. So you've got the 2025 and the 2024 uh gallery here. And then again, you can see all of the apps that have been submitted uh for this year's competition already as well. So um yeah, great place to go and have a look at your own app if you've already submitted um or maybe for some inspiration if you're still building um towards the the September 30 deadline. So I just wanted to to call that one call that one out. Uh, let me switch back to my slides. All righty. And then, um, the usual call out. So, Mike, I don't I don't think I gave you any a heads up on this, but on on our live stream, we we try and, um, find a few, uh, examples of people building in public because this is one of our one of our categories, and we'll then shout them out on the on the live stream. It's become like a bit of a a bit of a tradition. Uh, so there was three here that I've I've put on the slide that I wanted to give uh a call out to today. So the first one is Neil who's building um so this is a game actually Mike if you haven't seen it you should go and check out the the maybe you have seen it you should go and see check out the account because he's building a game called Nightaw or has built a game called Nightlaw. It's like an anti-gravity racing game. It's very very cool. Um but it got featured by the app store. So I think this was yesterday that Neil tweeted this. It was actually featured by the app store like globally. uh which is very very cool to see somebody build something or come up with an idea, build something, get it onto the store, which is a hurdle in itself, and then have it featured um is awesome. So Neil, congrats. Um I know I know we've talked about this app a few times already on these live streams, but um I wanted to wanted to shout that out again. Uh and then the middle one is something we'll never grow tired of seeing. And this is Carol uh who was celebrating getting their first subscription um for their for their app. So they've built an ADHD buddy or companion app. Uh, and I've, uh, just grabbed the screenshot there of them celebrating their first subscription, which is a great moment for, uh, I think anybody building a building an app. Um, so keep those coming. And then on the right hand side, I might be a bit small on the on the screen. Um, but I just this this interaction just made me smile. So there's this there's been a trend on I feel like on Twitter where people post something saying, "Hey, I have this million-dollar app idea or $10 million app idea. It's this thing." And this was an example of somebody doing that and they said, "Oh, run um like in real life to capture turf with friends." And that was the idea. And then somebody immediately replied saying they'd built an app for Shippeton on a similar theme uh but where where your dog is the main character, like the playable character. So you snap a picture of your dog and then the game is like a sort of dog version of like Gang Wars or Turf Wars or something. Uh anyway, I just thought it was cool. But it was it was it was fun to see somebody responding to one of those with an app that was already built for Shippeton was already out there. Uh so I wanted to I wanted to call that out. But go check out um the Shippeton hashtag uh to see lots of people building in public. Um there's so much activity right now on uh on on Twitter and and elsewhere. So um good place to go for for inspiration. Um all right. And then final call out for me is just on the inerson event side. So, um, even though we're halfway through and we've only got four weeks left, we still have plenty of Inerson events happening between now and the end of September. Uh, so we've got 45 events scheduled all across the world, uh, that screenshot on the right is from our website. You can go to shipon.com. Um, go to the events page and you can register for any of those events. Um, there's still time to submit an idea for an event or to host an event if you'd like to do that. So, if you don't see your city listed, you'd like to host something, um, there's still time to do that. So, go go have a look at the website. I think Mike, you were saying, we were just saying before we jumped on this, there's an event on Thursday in Chicago. That's right. That's the one that you'll be you'll be going to. Yeah. >> Yeah. We'll be at Soho House in Chicago. If you're around, come on by. >> Yeah. Awesome. So, if you're local local to Chicago, definitely uh definitely check that one out. Uh and then another fun another fun one. So, we have an event happening. I think it's in a couple of weeks. I think it's the 17th of September. There's an event happening in in London. The Ramen Club guys are hosting a Shipon event. Uh but they're also running this promotion. So we have we have some shippeton adverts running on London buses right now. Um which I apparently London buses are famous outside of is that from someone from the UK I don't get excited about London buses but is that right Mike? Do people get excited about London buses? >> So excited. >> So [laughter] they just kind of remind me of the bleak days of commuting to the office like every every [laughter] single day. But um anyway, we have these we have these adverts running uh on London buses and if you snap a picture as it says on the tweet there um and tag Ramen Club and Revenue Cat, then you can win some great prizes. So if you're in London, if you're listening to this or watching this later, uh and you see this and you see one of these buses, snap a picture, post it, and you can uh you can get rewarded. Um and check out the Ramen the Ramen Club, guys, because uh I think that event in a couple of weeks will be a be a great one. Uh all right, I'm going to stop there. I think that's I think that's me for all of the intro stuff. uh Mike. So um I can hand I think I can hand over to you. >> Great. Let me share my screen. Let's do this one and let's see. All right. All right, we're live. Here we go. Uh, yeah, Matt, thank you again for the intro. I really appreciate it. After I left Snap, went back to startup land and started building mobile apps, I saw everybody on X and everywhere else, just bragging about how much money they're making and all the open niches of app categories that have not yet been uh kind of tackled. I was like, oh, I definitely want to get in this space. So, uh, having been a builder for a very long time, this is in the early, uh, AI days where it would write one really good line of code and then a bunch of really bad ones. Uh, basically shipped my first mobile app. I'm not a mobile developer, but with AI, it was possible. And, uh, it was super exciting. Got rejected by the app store a bunch of times and finally got approved. And I was reminded of that feeling that we builders go through. That's that top of the world feeling on launch day. Like my thing, the thing I've been working on, the thing I put time into or tokens these days is finally live and it's so exciting. Little bit of anxiety like what if people hate it? What if it crashes? What if it what if it goes wrong? But largely overwhelmingly excited. And from there it was just uh you know waiting waiting watching watching the logs, watching the analytics and then waking up the next day and running to go check stats and there's no users. No downloads, no subscriptions. Check Revenue Cat, zeros. Like, ah, Revenue Cat's broken. Like, wasn't broken. Uh, and then it was like, "Okay, I I know what to do here." This gut punch feeling logically it was like got to market the thing. And developers, for the most part, are kind of allergic to marketing. And so, as I started going through it, I realized a couple things. There's going to be more builders than ever that are going to want to build a thing. And every excuse that every one of my peers and co-workers and colleagues have ever had over the years of ah I don't want to build a thing. It's going to take too long. It's going to take me months to build it. All that stuff goes away with AI. And this new wave of builder is going to have the same feeling. That roller coaster of emotion from launch day to the gut punch the next. It's like let's go solve this problem. Let's go build a marketing tool for builders. Not for the marketer. Not for the marketing team that's got 20 people on it that needs to be more efficient. We did that. We built that. That was a previous company. This is going to be different. This is going to be for the app builder. And that's basically how layer was born. And uh over time, as you guys all know, building got easier. Now it's just, hey Claude, hey Codeex, go build this thing for me. Make no mistakes. And then all of a sudden, it's on your phone and it's on test flight and it integrates RevenueCat on its own. And we decided that this is really kind of our market. We are builders ourselves. We speak to builders. This is solving our own need. We've got our own apps. Let's go solve this. So building got easier. Marketing growth, getting users actually got significantly harder. Uh so I'm Mike. We breeze through this real quick. Uh we had a company that got acquired that was an ad tech company, went to Snap, built all of their adte. Uh, and then again, been doing this stuff for a long time. >> Sorry, I'm just going to jump in. I The slides aren't changing on the screen or at least >> slide. >> That's problematic. Give me one second. Let's see. Sorry about that. >> That's all good. I was just going to let you go and then tell you in 20 minutes time, but I thought it'd be kinder just to tell you now. >> Honestly, would have been a great joke. [laughter] Give me one second. Let me figure out which tab that's on. >> Yeah. All good. >> I'm going to be on this one. There we go. Let's see. >> Yeah. I think if you present from there, we should then we should be able to see the >> Cool. Let's see. >> There we go. Yeah. >> Are we sharing now? >> Yeah, I'm seeing the the first the first slide. The building got easier. Growth didn't. There we go. Yeah. And that will go. All right. Now, now you don't have to just listen to me yapp. You can see it on the screen, too. Uh, so yeah, I'm Mike. This is uh where we are. And shipping is the starting line. And in the past, everyone's like, I did it. I built my app. Like, I'm done here. And obviously, that's not true. Uh, it's literally the starting line. Now, it's time to understand kind of all the things. And like ship a ton rewards, what you built. The best teams are always asking, "How do I get the next user? What am I doing? Who am I building for? Where do I test it? What signals can I bring in? And this is really kind of applying all of regular marketing methodology to the app space. From our perspective, it's not just this linear checklist. It's not a checklist of, you know, go do A and then B and then C. It's quite literally how do you build loops? And I know loops are uh kind of the topic to shore, especially in AI, but that's really what marketing is. And so for us, when we look at this, building got easier and the numbers support it. There's clearly way more apps getting submitted to the app store. I don't know about anybody. If you're in chat here, uh, you know, give a give a minus sign if you're still waiting in app review like the rest of us. Uh, my son built an app. I was just telling Matt, my son built an app. It's been in the app review queue for 10 days. uh it finally got into review for like 14 hours and it's like I know your shift ended. You you didn't close out the app review. So it's uh it's a pretty frustrating process because you're building it, you're seeing it, and you're just not able to get in the app store. Uh and so hopefully that stuff gets resolved pretty soon. But the fun part is for the consumer because now apps can kind of be really tailored and bespoke for that particular user. growth didn't get easier. Growth got harder. And that's kind of obvious. I would imagine that as as supply increases like that, it's harder to break through all of the noise and try to stand out. And then the bottleneck moved to after shipping. And part of that for us is uh just so much choice. There are so many things that you can do. the people that you're building this for and then trying to figure out how you can test it and where should I go start? Is it going to be in organic? I'm seeing people on expost about how they're just getting this, you know, quote unquote free distribution, never spent a dollar on ads, and everyone loves saying I didn't spend money on marketing, uh, but they have up these, uh, organic accounts. And then other people are showing that, you know, here's my playbook for ads and here's how you get to, you know, 100k MR and then there's UGC and then there's managed accounts and there's all these different kinds of things. What we've learned is that the ecosystem kind of throws a few things at everybody. They're like, just, you know, use this AI tool. Go build a hundred pieces of creative. Go create a Tik Tok account, spam it, post a hundred times a day, and that is how you're going to go find success. That's how you're going to go get your first thousand users. And that's definitely an option. It was an option. It worked a lot better a couple years ago than it does now. But just mass producing content and then putting it out there and then crossing your fingers is uh not the most efficient way. The next choice that you have as a builder is to basically do it yourself. Learn all the tools. Go try to figure out Meta and Cappy and all the things over there and then go create your Tik Tok account and if you're not in the US, figure out what the tricks are to get that US distribution and then how do you warm up an account and how long do you have to warm it up and am I shadowbanned? Doing it yourself is obviously an option and it's not a bad place to start, especially if you uh are trying to figure it out on your own, but you're also capped. You're capped by the number of hours you can put in. You're capped by your output. The other option, if you've got a budget, is to go hire a team. Just go hire that growth agency. You got a lot of senior people that for the most part hand it off to a junior person after that first sales call and then all the knowledge ends up staying with them. All the learnings stay with that agency and then you've got kind of these holistic tools. They're, you know, multi-channel agents. You can run ads across different platforms. You can uh perhaps use a different one for your attribution, your measurement, your analytics. and then need another tool to schedule your slideshows for example. Those are all again cross-osting and all those kinds of tools. They all exist. We're approaching it a little differently. We believe that it's a growth strategy as opposed to just uh kind of a shotgun approach. And so layers is different. You start by giving us your website, your app store URL or your GitHub repo, and we're going to try to figure out what you built, how you built it, who you built it for, how you speak to them, your colors, your aesthetic, all that kind of stuff. We're going to try to understand where you are in your journey. Have you already run ads? Do you already have Apps Flyer in there as an SDK? Do you have no measurement? Maybe just Google Analytics or Post Hog. And then what kind of data do you have? Do you already have accounts on the social networks? Are you already trying to post? Are you doing that talking head thing? Or do you prefer to be off camera and so it's a faceless channel? All of those things are kind of the table stakes of where you are. What we're trying to do is better understand where you are so that we can grab your hand and pull you in the right direction. And that brings us to loops. And this is kind of our big thesis is that just handing somebody a playbook and saying, "All right, here's your checklist. Go create that Tik Tok account. Go create a synthetic influencer. Go do this. Go post three times a day. Go try to uh get people to comment about it. Be active in the comments." And just give this kind of like generic playbook advice is fine. But the same problem, the same user that didn't know where to start ends up not knowing what to do with that data. And so the layers platform builds growth loops. And what we mean by that is we bring in all kinds of signal. We bring in the fire hose of data. Whatever you can connect from your social accounts to uh related accounts that are in your niche that will help find for you to any ad platforms. We try to extract that signal out and then from there we'll propose an experiment and from that experiment we'll go launch it and then we'll learn from it. And so uh in AI there's that term recursive self-improvement that's basically what we're doing but with marketing on the data stream side we can ingest data from a variety of sources. So from your GitHub repo itself or app store connect we can bring in your ad accounts your social uh if you've got a UGC program we'll bring in all that data as well revenue cat data and we have a layers SDK which will act as your measurement SDK and attribution SDK with ad integrations back for Cappy for conversions API we'll talk about that in a minute but in addition to that when you're onboarding into layers we're actually sending out a swarm of agents to better understand how your competitors are currently spending their dollars, whether they're running organic campaigns, UGC ads, we bring all of that data in and all of that becomes part of your fire hose as well. >> And Mike, do you Sorry to interrupt you. Do you are you helping me identify who my competitors are or do I have to tell you? >> No, we'll take a we offer both. So, we'll take a first stab at it and we'll say, "We think these social accounts are posting content in your niche and we think that these apps are related to yours and these creators are talking about the topics that your app is related to or the problem that your app solves or you know the the game mechanics that your app has that might be similar to a different one. >> We'll actually go and find those. Part of the layers thesis is that we're going to come to you with a very opinionated next step, but you can always override it. You can always add your flavor to it. You can always steer it and you can always push it in the direction that you want it to go. >> And when you say when you say we, as you'll come back with a a direction, is that the agent or the product telling telling you where to or is that you? >> Uh yeah, it's really funny. Uh that's a that's a a great question to call out. Uh, I think I'm I think I feel like I'm part of the team of agents. Uh, but it's it's it's [laughter] basically fully autopilot. Uh, you've got a swarm of agents that go out, they do the research, uh, trained on how humans have done the research in the past. >> U, we've also done a couple other things. Uh this is a a quick tangent but we've actually uh researched we have a little research arm called you know layers research and we've basically deconstructed 23 million Tik Tok videos 13 trillion seconds of video content and we understand from that within a single creator we try to understand what made that piece of content go viral and that one not and so all of that feeds into the recommendations, suggestions, and this uh the kind of the shelf of information that we present to the user during onboarding. And again, it's an evolving thing. And so the agents as they're finding other competitors, they'll add that to your list. As you're finding things, you can literally just uh from your phone share a a Tik Tok to the platform and it'll add it to your list as well and start monitoring that creator. But the idea is we're building this for non-marketers and the the challenge there is we need to automate as much as possible. We need to come with an opinionated set of information and we need to build that trust as quickly as possible. So we still allow the user to be in the loop and sway it and steer it. >> Yeah. Yeah. And >> so we do that. Yep. >> We do that to extract out the signal. will analyze what that signal means in the context of your app. For example, a uh this example that we're talking about here is tabby. It's a Tokyo food crawl planner. Uh and so this one it's like all right, let's go food crawl POV content. Who else is making content? This one happens to be Tokyo focused. So let's find other relevant uh content from Tokyo. Things like that. And then it's trying to establish what the next highest value experiment could be. And that's looking through a couple different lenses. It's what's the highest value to the app, but it's also which experiment will give us the highest most valuable signal to run the next experiment. What can we do? What can we learn today that will help shape tomorrow's attempt and move it in the right direction? And again, from what we've seen in the past, whether you're uh an American Express or a Fortune 500, it is a very methodical process. Marketing is down to a science. There's literally a field called marketing science, and it's it's the dead opposite of spray and prey. It's the dead opposite of go create a 100 pieces of creative, you know, 100 slideshows, spam them on TikTok, and hope for the best. It's let's be methodical. Let's be thoughtful on what things we're going to try to test. Let's change those variables in a meaningful controlled way and then let's see what that impact was. >> Mike, how do you and sorry if this is a a silly question, but so I have an app. I have a vibe coded app. It's a like a golf yardage book app and I've done no marketing whatsoever beyond the basic like ASO stuff and I have a few subscribers and that's it. Can you apply this what you're talking about to somebody like me where all you'd have to go off I I guess is like the the app store listing my revenue cap data. I think that's it. I have socials but they they don't have much on them. Like are you able would this would you be able to to to build from that or are we talking about actually somebody here that has done the generic playbook and they've created a ton of content. They've tried the spray and play spray spray and pay approach to see what works and then you you can then help them to refine things from there. Like where can you yeah would you be able to help somebody like me or or not? Would I need to be in a sort of more advanced uh position? >> No, you're you're you're kind of like the original ICP for us and that is the person who built an app and then they throw up their hands and go like now what? >> And the the intent is like layers go get users. It's just go help me figure this out. And so in your case, that's where this uh kind of public research comes into play. So obviously golf is a huge hot niche on all the social platforms. There's apps in the app store. There's people that have run ads. There's content that is not even necessarily app related, but it's golf content that uh you know resonates with the with the user. So what we'll do is we'll actually build out this shelf of uh your competitors, related content, adjacent content, creators that are uh you know uh either big or small in the golf niche will find content of theirs that were outlier content for their particular account. So, if they have an account that's getting a couple hundred views and then all of a sudden they post a piece of, you know, golf content that pops off, we'll try to break that down and understand what made that content go. And then from there, we as much as as the user is is uh up for it, we'll automate as much of the next step. And that next step is the experiment. And during onboarding, we'll try to figure out sort of where you're at. Are you are you going to try to do this on your own through organic posting on your own? Do you want to throw some ad dollars behind it? Where are you at in your journey? And the outcome of that is your next experiment recommendation. So for a lot of our users and in your case what would happen is we would come up with a handful of content experiments and say here's some content briefs that we think would work for you with one click or an approval or an autopilot approval if you will. We'll generate that content for you. But something that we've we've sort of taken a stance on more recently is we don't care where your content comes from. We'll help you make the determination out of the signal of here's what you should do next. And yes, you can generate all of the content through the layers platform, but we don't care if you want to use another platform to create. There's plenty of good platforms out there that create content. But we'll recommend and give you a very specific brief and say this is what you should try for your hook. This is how the pacing should be. This should be a reaction demo. you should have, you know, like a shock Pikachu face and then that that goes into a demo of your of your app or maybe it's a slideshow or maybe it's a remix off existing pieces of content. So, you can do all of that kind of programmatically and automatically through the layers platform or you can bring the content on your own. So, it doesn't matter if you already have stuff. If you do, it just it just expedites the experiment loops. We'll bring in all of your historical data even if it didn't perform well. >> Like you said that you have a social account. It may be a little dormant. You know, we'll bring that data in. That data is so so valuable to help shape that first step of what the platform is going to recommend. But you don't have to bring anything at all. And the beauty of it is again, we'll walk you through it. We'll tell you these are the three things that you need to do today. You'll create that Tik Tok account, connect it once you do it, and then we'll give you a couple reminders. Hey, scroll 15 minutes a day in in golf content. Search for golf content, warm it up a little bit. >> Nice. Okay. So, you Okay. Nice. So, you will remind me to do those take those actions, which then in itself will help inform the the loop and Yeah. Yeah. Okay. >> And then when an experiment is ready, so when a piece of content gets generated and we say, "Hey, Matt, here's a piece of content. Would love for you to review it." You've got a couple choices. We can automatically post it on your behalf onto your account or we can send it to your drafts. We can send it straight to your SMS or to your Tik Tok account into the drafts and then from there you can go and decide if you want to edit it or post it. What we find is that most users start on the sort of I want to see it real quick. I want to I want to approve the first couple >> and then as fast as we can, we recommend that people get to the autopilot. That's really where the magic happens from the layers platform is that we can automate this. And we know uh again from those from that deconstruction of the 23 million videos, one of the biggest takeaways is that it doesn't matter what time you post. There's literally no difference between posting at 9:00 a.m. or 12 or 3 p.m. It just doesn't matter. The algorithm does not care. I think the uh I think the analogy that we came up with in there was in a 100 meter race posting time is something like 7 millimeters of of the 100 meters. So uh now I have to go convert that to uh to freedom units. But uh that that's the uh that's kind of the gist of it. It just doesn't matter when you post. It matters more about what the content is. Um, and so that's basically what the experimentation loop is on content. For many people, the next recommendation is actually to start running ads. And I know that's uh scary for a lot of people, but here's the reality. Even if you're going to do organic content, if you're going to say, I don't want to spend money on ads today. I want to just I see all these people just going viral on X and I'm going to replicate that. That's totally fine. if you rank in the app store for your words. And so if you think about organic distribution, if you think about a video that goes viral on Tik Tok or on Instagram, there are no links. There's no way to link that to the app store. You can do link in bio, but it's basically mentioning the app name, showing a demo, getting people excited about the thing that you built visually, and then expecting them to go to the app store, search for your app, find your app, and download your app. And so those steps after the the watching the video, you want to make sure that you're ranking for your at least for your brand name. And so the platform uh typically is going to recommend that you just put a little bit of money behind Apple search ads or Google ads uh if you're an Android app. And that's just to make sure that when somebody searches for Matt Matt's golf uh rangefinder that they'll actually find it and not one of the other competitive apps. That's actually a good segue into the the next loop. And for us, the next loop is ads. And it's basically the same kind of pattern. It's understanding what's worked for you, what's worked for others in the space. We'll go and dissect all of the winners or the perceived winners out of the ads library. And then we'll bring to you suggestions. And because the platform is aware of what you're doing organic and what's working well for you and what's an outlier on your account uh from an organic perspective, we'll actually rank and rate those and score those organic pieces of content and bring them over into your paid as well. And whatever learnings we can get out of paid, we'll apply back onto your uh your organic creative uh briefs as well. The other parts that we've heard a lot of people talk about is tying it all together. And that's that's sort of the magic behind what we're doing here. And that brings us to the layers SDK. Having content go out, having people download your app, having your revenue cat numbers go up is awesome, but understanding where that effort resulted in the outcome that you wanted, what thing worked. Was it this ad? Was it my organic content? Are people clicking link in bio? All of those questions can be answered when you have the layers SDK in. And I'll show you a demo in a second. Uh you get a couple cool views as well in the dashboard. But uh the intent here is to really give you a full and complete sense of all of your growth efforts across every aspect of your app from every channel that you're trying to do marketing on every ad platform and then what users are doing in your app. Which ones are the higher value users? So we have a a revenue cat integration. We'll bring in that data. We'll overlay it with how your posts are performing, all that. And then from the layers SDK, it's a one-click install. And you get an entire suite of analytics, measurement, and attribution. So you don't need apps fire. You don't need any of the other attribution SDKs. You can do it all from here. And that also means on the ad side, you can run web to app. You can run qualified trial conversions. We have the conversion API integrations already in place with all of the ad platforms. And today we support Google Meta, so Instagram, Google for YouTube, as well as search. You've got Instagram, Tik Tok, you've got uh OpenAI, LinkedIn, and all the rests. And we have these conversion API integrations. And what that does is allow us even in a privacy safe iOS 14.5 world, which is the gift that keeps on giving. Thank you, Apple. uh we have the ability to send in high quality signal back to the ad platforms so that they can help find the right users at the right time to show that creative to. And all of that feeds right back into the loop. Getting started is super easy. You just go to layers.com, put in your website, put in your app store URL or GitHub repo. If you do the GitHub repo, even if it's private, we spin up a a secure sandbox. We'll grab the repo. We'll look at the code. We'll uh basically analyze it, and then we destroy our copy of it. We don't sit there and and do anything else with it. The intent there is to allow people that aren't necessarily technical uh or they are technical uh but non-marketers to try to figure out what we need to know. and then we get into kind of what our understanding is of your app. I'll switch over real quick into uh into a demo if you'll let me stumble through switching the share screen. >> Yeah. All good. So this is uh this is dream owl. So you can see here that once we've onboarded we get a signal meter. So we understand how your app is performing today in terms of what we can understand from it and we'll let you know what we want you to connect and we'll go through and we'll start doing the recommendations step by step. Hold your hand through what the next step is. Everything in marketing today is just so overwhelming and there's so much choice on what to do next. You've got a list of influencers. These are synthetic influencers. You can generate as many as you want. We'll use that in your content and you can associate specific influencers with specific accounts so that you'll have a consistent look, feel, and voice to your different social accounts and your different ads as well. So those sorry just might pause there. So the so again I was think selfishly thinking of it from from my lens. I connected my my app [clears throat] spun up my my layers account. So then would you would the platform generate a uh synthetic influencer and then I'm deciding that I want that influencer to effectively become the face of my my brand and be the be the one that's visible on all of my social accounts. And is that right? Am I interpreting that correctly or or not? >> You're exactly right. So, we'll generate your first synthetic influencer for you based on what we think uh is a good representation of your ICP, of your customer. This is what somebody who's going to use a golf rangefinder app could look like, represents the right kind of person. You can come in and create as many as you want. And then you can connect as many Tik Tok and Instagram accounts as you want. So, if you've got one account, totally fine. You can connect that influencer to it. And all the content that we generate for you will have that influencer in it. if there's a if there is a uh a person in it. If there's not a person in it, no worries if it's a slideshow and things like that. But we kind of tie in together all the aesthetic and try to keep that consistent. So when somebody clicks on your profile on Instagram or on Tik Tok, they're not seeing 52 different people. It's the same person. They're building a brand. They're kind of building your voice. And the other kind of important part here is not every piece of content needs to shill the product. It's the the idea is that it it doesn't all need to to shill it. It needs to build trust with the audience. And so you'll see that with some of the content that gets recommend recommended. It may not have your app in it. It may not have your app name in it. >> And that's because [clears throat] the system said, "Hey, you know what? we're going to try to to bump reach by doing this without u without sounding like a commercial. On other cases, your app is front and center and that's largely uh how that content is going to go. But again, what we're seeing the most successful people do is not just have one account, they'll have many. And on the platform, you can connect as many of your own accounts as you want. You can spin up a UGC program. You can go and hire as many UGC creators as you want through the platform. You can bring them in. This is all real data. So, uh you know, we're we're uh we do it live here. So, um this account we've got uh what looks like an expensive cost per post, but if you look at the CPM, it's a$150 CPM. And it's largely because content just goes viral. And those outliers perform really really well. They drive uh they drive traffic. If you look at some of the top posts that some of our creators have created here, you'll see I forgot what the actual number is, but it was like 30 or 40 cent CPMs, which is a wild wild thing to see. And then coming back to the brand side from influencers to your brand assets. So this is screenshots that we've taken of your app, but you can upload your own and then demo videos. So a really popular format is the uh demo video. And so the idea is record as many demo videos as you can of your app. Poke around with it. Have ones that are screen recordings. Have other ones that are a second phone sort of recording you tapping through your app. In your case, it could be a second phone of you kind of on a golf course using it. That's another another potentially interesting one. And it's a forcing function, Matt, for you to go play golf. [laughter] >> Sounds great. >> You're doing marketing. This is this is important work. >> And so, and would would the would the platform tell me to go and like So, again, I'm just thinking like I can go and record a demo video, but the idea of like going out to the course and like having someone film me use the app or whatever like that that probably doesn't come naturally to somebody like me. So, would the platform recommend produc like you're talking about content briefs? Would it would it would it tell me to go and do that or like >> it it doesn't today on the demo video? Uh but uh as somebody who enjoys golf as well, uh it should it should tell everybody to go play golf. Um even if you're not building a golf app. Uh, but no, the the idea there is it's um it won't tell you what demo videos to make, but that's a pretty interesting addition to how it suggests briefs. The uh the next one there is an end card. So, if you're running uh slideshows for example, you have end cards that you can put on there. And then we bring in and this is part of that onboarding whether you have accounts already or the platform is going to find competitor accounts other creators that are creating content in this niche. So in your case it would be people creating golf content. In this app's niche this is uh content around u dream interpretation, dream analysis, uh dream journals, um those kinds of things, lucid dreaming. You can bring all of that in. All of these that you see here were brought in from the system itself, but I can also add my own if I want to. And then here again, we've got uh the keywords. This we pull all of this stuff in. You can come in like I mentioned before and override anything. So if we got something wrong or if you feel really strongly about a certain keyword that you are interested in, you can bring that in. And then you have all these connected accounts. Accounts are interesting because you can bring in your own accounts. You can also bring in managed accounts. And what that means is we have vendors that we've partnered with that will actually have humans in the United States or in whatever country that you're looking to uh run uh content in and they will on your behalf create an account, warm it up, and our platform will send them posts when they should be posted onto the platforms. And so you can scale up with as many accounts as you want. We have customers who are just uh very rabid about like I am not posting on TikTok. I'm not going to go do it. I just I won't do it. It's not me. It's not my thing. Totally fine. They'll come in and they'll go and effectively uh purchase some number of managed accounts. We'll connect them with the creators. It's all behind the scenes. It all just works uh sort of on your behalf. You don't have to do anything about it. and they'll go and start posting the content and all the analytics, all the data, all of the information comes right back into here. You also have the ability to bring in uh UGC and so if you are using Sideshift uh we've got integrations there where you can basically bring in all of your UGC uh campaigns. All of the creator accounts get synced in. All of their content gets pulled in as well. And then uh if you want to run anything with spark ads, all of that can happen magically through the platform as well. That kind of rounds out um you know the kind of the simple stuff here. I mentioned before we have all the ads integrations. You got the measurement side. You can see where your users are in real time. We bring in the revenue data. We do the attribution for you so you understand what's actually moving the needle. bringing all the UGC content. And then I saw a question in the uh I saw a question in the chat there of I'll jump back to that in a second. But yes, today we're releasing our growth MCP. And so that is going to be giving your agent growth superpowers. There's just no reason for you to be in a UI on the web if you don't want to be. The world has changed. You're using whatever agent you're using. You're comfortable with it. If it's Claude or Codeex, depending on what camp you are or depending what hour of the day and and which one's being less sickopantic, uh you're using your agent and you trust it already and it already knows what you're building. And so, uh, giving it the MCP is a really simple way to get started where you need to know nothing. One copy and paste. You just go to growth.layers.com, paste it into your agent, and the agent will take it from there, and it'll walk you through everything that you need to do. If, for example, you don't have a Tik Tok ad account yet, but you want to run ads between our MCP and your agent, it'll guide you through it. It'll guide you through creating the account, setting it up, establishing whatever credentials you need for it, and then your agent takes it from there and runs it with the the MCP. And as a ship a ton participant, you're getting access to our pro plan for free for the next couple months. And so that includes a ton of credits that you can use for this, for content generation, for running the MCP. We've also released a lot of other MCP tools and skills within this that allow you to do your own research that let your agent truly have superpowers. Superpowers that it doesn't have on its own. Things like going to search Tik Tok, scrolling, understanding what's working in a niche. Your agent knows how to write hooks. It doesn't need a tool for it. It knows how to do it as long as it's getting the right inputs. And so our MCP feeds your agent with those rate inputs and then it ties it all back together. And if you don't have the layers SDK, it'll suggest that you do it. You just say yes, go for it. It'll it'll install the SDK and it'll go as far as instrumenting your entire app. And if you don't know what that means, that's okay. You don't have to know what it means. Instrumenting the app means every interaction, every right surface, every place that we want signal back that could help move the needle, we'll send that signal back. And we do all of that as uh kind of autopilot and hands off as possible. >> That's awesome. I was very close to stealing your thunder before and asking that question. I was interrupting your I was like, "No, no, we got to we got to save the big reveal to the end." I'm glad I I'm glad I didn't. >> Yeah. I don't want to I don't want to lose people. Uh that brings us to the growth loop award and that is basically uh set up your growth loops with layers. Go install the layers SDK. We're a we're a separate category from all of the other things that you could also win from ship a ton. And if you do have the SDK in there and you're building those growth loops, we've got some pretty amazing prizes going. Top prize is $15,000 in cash plus all the other bonus stuff that you get with going to New York. You got a $10,000 second place and you got a $5,000 third place. And you've got uh again, the idea here is to keep you out of the loop as much as possible. as as if you think about giving your agent marketing superpowers, your agent is the most unemotional, logical teammate that you have and that is the one that can make the best decisions for you. And so empowering it with all the tools is a really fun way to start your growth loop. So, don't just ask your agent to build the app. Ask your agent to grow the app with layers and happy to take any questions. Awesome. Thank you, mate. That was uh that was great. I'm I'm kind of I'm I'm amped up to go and try this myself. I feel like I've I've completely ignored doing any marketing for my app and now I think I need to go and just use layers to do the whole thing. Um but a couple a couple of questions for you. So, we've had um I mean whenever we talk about this kind of stuff, one of the questions that comes up particularly on the the ads side, the paid ads side is like how to make sure you don't spend too or the nerv you said like people are can be nervous about marketing and ads and then some of that nervousness will come from the cost and like how much am I going to have to spend? Is that spend going to get out of control? So, how how does that side of things work if you're going to start doing paid ads through layers? like how do I make sure my spend doesn't get out of control and uh you know I'm getting a good return on whatever it is I'm able to invest. >> Yeah. So basically what happens is a couple things. We will never make a financial decision without human approval. But once you've approved it and so let's say we suggest to you let's go run $50 a day on Meta and you approve that. We're monitoring that. We're monitoring that every few minutes. We're monitoring that, checking stats, checking performance. We are presenting you with the ad creative until you're comfortable putting it on autopilot. So, we'll go and make sure that your campaigns, ad sets, and ads are structured properly. We'll make sure that they are uh optimized and then we're monitoring the whole time. And we do that for all the ad platforms. Uh an interesting one is the is Apple, right? So in your case and in many cases, Apple will be the first place that we recommend that you run ads, Apple search ads. >> And so we'll run them in a couple ways. One is discovery. And so that is trying to find keywords that people are typing in that find your app. And then the other side is the uh exact match keywords. And for us, we're always monitoring what's happening on the discovery set. If somebody searches for um if we don't have the specific keyword how do I track my dreams for example for that dream app the the keyword will show up in the discovery site and we'll see if that performs well and if it's performing well the system will automatically turn that into uh your your specific keyword your exact match keyword and then the idea again is that you shouldn't have to become an expert What you should do is listen to the recommendations that we make to whatever extent you're comfortable. In many cases, we'll suggest something and customers come back to us and say, "No, I I want to go full-on ads." You know, I want to go let's go try to do this. Let's get those learnings faster. >> Yeah. >> So, the more that you can put into it, the faster that the learning cycles can become, >> but the system behind the scenes is constantly monitoring to try to figure out exactly how that's performing. And because you can tie in your revenue, we help you make these decisions not just on a hey, today it cost you X to go get a user, but it's to understand how that cohort performs by pulling in the revenue cap data and monitoring that over time so that we can understand for this particular trunch of user who came in from this particular ad platform, how are they performing in terms of a paying customer for you? or if you're not charging for subscriptions and it's uh if it's ad based for example, it's the same kind of thing. >> It's are is this channel profitable for you? Are these ads profitable for you? And if not, let's go figure it out together. >> Okay, awesome. Thank you. Um it's a good question uh from Justin who's asking about when like when you could get started with layer. Like if you are if you're stuck in app review, can we still can we still sign up and and get going with the platform or is it better to wait until you're live on the store? >> No, the the sooner you can start the better. The sooner you can start is it just makes so much more sense. If you're starting with organic, for example, your account's going to take time to warm up. If you're starting uh with ads, perhaps it's a uh pre-release. You can set the app store listing. you know, you can create the app store listing and say this is going to launch on a certain day and you can get those uh uh ahead of time kind of wait list sort of people. It just it makes so much sense to start as soon as you kind of have settled on the name of your thing. It's like the perfect time to get started because all of that is intelligence that the system can use as signal. So the sooner you can start the better. >> Okay. Okay. Um, and one of the things that caught my eye when you were so when we were talking about getting your prize category together and what it was going to be for and the the criteria, one of the things that we have on there is it's not going to be necessarily given to the app that generates the most downloads or has the biggest audience and it's actually more about like the quality of the loops that are that are built with layers. Like could you can you like elaborate on like what does that what does that mean? Because like in my head I'm like well if I just if I use layers and I get loads of downloads then surely I win this thing. But that's not what we're saying. So maybe you could just add a bit more context on that. >> Yeah, sure. Basically, uh it's sort of how wide do you use the platform? And so are you using it? Uh and it it's not just necessarily around um paid parts of it, but it's how active are you in there when it's suggesting a piece of content for you. Are you actively responding to it? Are you connecting all of the things that it wants you to connect? If it's s suggesting that you connect revenue, you should connect revenue cat. If it suggests that you should connect uh you know your your Tik Tok account, you should do that. And so the idea is are you bringing in all the right signal? Are you bringing in all the right data? are you? What we're trying to do is encourage people to actually interact with it, to actually, you know, take a stab at their own success and really try for it. And it's sort of like, hey, here's a big carrot. I know this is unnatural for you for the most part. A lot of people just hate marketing it. They're averse to it. Like, we're going to walk you through it. We're going to take your hand and get you there. And so it's it's uh it's sort of the enticing people to to just go do the thing. It ties it back to what you said in the beginning, right? Which is like I built it and now I have to like go do it. You have to go do it. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Great. Um well, we're coming up on time. I think we've tackled all the questions in the chat. If anybody has anything else, uh drop it in now. Um and we can ask Mike before we before we wrap up. But yeah, Mike, is there is there anything else? I mean, they've got some information there on where where folks can can find you. Um, I know you and the team are active in our Discord as well. Um, yeah. Anything else you want to share? Anything anywhere else people should go to find out more information about layers or just to connect with you and the team? >> Yeah, find us in the Revenue Cat Discord. uh we are taking a limited number of folks and putting them through kind of a done for you uh exercise where we'll actually embed our team well we'll embed you into our Slack uh and then we'll actually help guide you >> and so this is this is kind of the most symbiotic relationship that one can have. Our success is rooted in your success. If you're not finding success then you're not going to be a customer. So, we're very very incentivized to make sure that our our customers find success using layers. And so, as helpful as we can be, we're here for it. We've been doing this stuff for a very long time. Stephen, my co-founder, and I have been in the ads world forever. A lot of the team has been building ad tech and martekch for far too long. Uh it's it's uh you know, it's an industry where once you're in, you can never leave. And so, uh you know, [laughter] that that's sort of where we're at. But we're here to help. And I I genuinely when I started forming this idea for layers, it was like how cool would it be to help the next million developers go build a business. That is literally my my goosebump mission of of doing this. >> Yeah, that's awesome. And that's like so well aligned with what we're trying to do with Shipon and help people build not just build a thing, but go monetize a thing and actually grow Yeah. grow a grow a business from it. So, I think it fits it fits so well with what we're trying to do. And that's um that's an awesome give. I didn't know you were doing that with folks, inviting them into your Slack and helping them. So, that's um yeah, I feel like people need to people need to people need to jump out. Yeah. I mean, Justin's asking the obvious question. How do we get accepted into your Slack? What do you do? Who do you have to speak to? >> Uh go go yell at Scott. Uh he's on our uh he's on the Revenue Cat Discord in the Layers channel. >> Go yell at me. Go yell at Scott. One of us will get you in. >> Okay, perfect. So, yeah, head to the layers channel in Discord. That's where that's where to go. Um yeah. Yeah. [laughter] Um awesome, Mike. Well, thank you again for for doing this. That was a that was a great session. I think this is going to be super valuable to a lot of folks. Um and myself included, I'm putting myself in the same boat because I think it's like we like we talked about the building bit is almost the easier part now and this is the the thing that helps with the with the next step. So, thank you for running us through it. Um and also big thank you for being a sponsor this year. It's great that we have you on board and excited to see how how folks use layers over the next uh next few weeks. And you'll be in Chicago on Thursday, right? Like we mentioned at the top. So you'll be there. >> Chicago on Thursday. We'll be in New York for uh for App Week. >> Amazing. All right. Well, we'll wrap it up there. Thank you everybody for for joining. Um and um the next live stream will be what day are we on? I lose track of days during the build window, but Tuesday. So the next next one's on Thursday. So jump in on on Thursday for the next live stream. Uh and in the meantime, yeah, if you need uh Mike or the team at layers, uh jump to the jump to the Discord.