just share it with people directly. >> Yeah. Plus, I I padded it quite a little bit because I did part of this in Korea last week. Uh it was way way way way shorter. Um and people had to buy very expensive tickets to see that and everybody here just gets to see that for free. >> Brilliant. And what I want you to repeat what you said literally like seconds before we started recording about about this talk. So I am sure I'm convinced that if people in this call or in this stream simply just do what I tell them here, somebody's going to get very very rich. And uh as long as they use revenue cut, that's enough reward for us, right? Because we're going to take a tiny little bit of that. >> I I want to like clip that and then, you know, three or four months from now uh put it as a reply to somebody when they're posting their MR chart or something. uh showing showing how they followed these steps and and now they're killing it. >> If you're in that call or if you're watching this and three months from now you're making like $10,000 a month, uh tag me. >> Please do. All right. Uh let's go ahead. Let's go ahead and get started. So, uh we'll start by introducing who we are. So, my name is Charlie Chapman. I am a uh developer advocate here at Revonycat and uh the self-proclaimed captain of the shipan. And with me is our VP of marketing, Rick. I'll let you pronounce your last name correctly instead of me butchering it. >> Hrikmon. >> Ham. Oh, I could Hammon. That's not too horrible. Look at me. >> Not even remotely correct. >> Oh, no. No. >> Very offended. >> Uh so, so Rick is my boss. uh and he is honestly one of the most uh creative people I know and has jumped on this sort of AI train very early on. um >> different from most of the people in my circles which are all developers but from a like well also as a developer you you started like vibe coding apps too but you've been using these tools really effectively for sort of marketing and business development uh way uh use cases very early on and you've got a million different kind of crazy use cases that you've come up with and uh I think one of the things that was kind of crazy about uh when we first announced this is and we opened up the discord is so many people immediately started asking the question how do I come up with an idea for an app to build uh and I think I immediately thought of you and the stuff that you've been doing and so that's kind of the idea uh behind behind this talk but before we get into the talk itself um I have a couple things I want to go through sort of our typical uh shipan webinar stuff so first ask questions uh if you're sitting in the livetorm webinar right now uh there is a questions tab. You can also throw questions in the chat, but it's maybe more likely that that I'll miss those. So, please use the questions tab if you see that. And then if you're watching on YouTube or Twitter or wherever else we're we're streaming this, um you can ask questions in our Discord. So, we have a Shipaton Discord. There's a actually I need to update this slide. It's actually called Shipon live stream now because live turns out was a little confusing considering we're doing live events all over the world as well. Uh so, you can ask questions in there. I'll be monitoring it and uh interrupting Rick as he's talking to bring those questions in. So, please throw those questions out. Uh the point of these is we want them to be interactive. Otherwise, we just record a bunch of videos and put them out there. Um but the idea is that you can ask questions and bring them kind of into the conversation. Um, so in the world of Shipeton, as we sort of look around the the shipping uh world here, uh, first I want to talk about some of the cool build in public uh, stuff that we've seen out there on the web. So uh, Taiishi um, I met him actually in in Japan. He's building an app specifically to help people build apps in public, especially people who are not native English speakers. So it's sort of like a it's like a teleprompter. You can kind of see it in that little video example where you can read like your script that you've written out um to help you sort of build in public and talk about the things that you're building online. Um Flo writes code. Uh he makes a bunch of really good educational content. He's working on a really cool app uh with these like adorable uh characters in there as you can see in that that middle one. And then the niche guys are building a travel app which Rick and I uh have a lot of experience with with travel right now. Uh running around the world going to a lot of shipon events actually. Um and I was just sort of smitten by the art style and the animations in this one. So definitely worth uh checking those out. And then uh Shipaton IRL. So, there was just an event yesterday in Vancouver with the uh core coffee meetup folks and it looked like a lot of fun uh a lot of fun. Actually, one of our one of our own Jeffrey was uh he crashed it and showed up but looked like uh there was a lot going on there and was really fun. Um I talked to the organizers and they said that there were people that came all the way from Taiwan and from Japan. Uh I don't think they came just for this event, but they happened to be in town and they saw that this event was going on and so they were there. So, it was kind of a a worldwide event uh even going on in Vancouver. And then speaking of Shipan IRL, um Oh, go ahead. >> One one second. I don't know if people can spot what's happening at the bottom here >> because I don't know we've we've showed these uh a ton. >> Yeah, you're right. We haven't really promoted them super publicly. This is sort of one of your pet projects, wasn't it? >> Yeah. This took so much time to do. Uh, >> do you want to explain what it is? >> Yeah. Yeah. What you're looking at is like a little vinyl remedy friends toys. The Reikat friends are like are our stable of characters. So there's Shippy, there's Tama, there's a bunch of stuff. And we created like blind box toys. And we first handed them out uh in Tokyo two weeks ago. Um, and yeah, you just get a box and there's like a little um there's a a bag in there that you can't look into and then you open it and then it has one of the five Revenue Cat friends. Oh, there you have you have it. >> I have the box. Yeah. >> Nice actual toys. >> I just I didn't realize that, but I have one of these. >> Oh, there you go. You have one right there. >> So, this is the founder set, right? It's We literally only made a thousand uh uh of these boxes. It has all five friends in like uh mono like monool uh color schemes and there's like a chaser and this is actually the chaser because there's two tas in there. A white with gold one and a full a full pink one and this is like the rare rare one. Uh which makes it funny that apparently they pulled it out of one of the boxes there. There you go. Yeah, we don't we don't kid around when it comes to Revnikat swag. Uh we maybe go arguably too deep. Uh but it's kind of our uh it's kind of our fun little side thing. Um and yeah, so speaking of the Shipan IRL events, uh there's a bunch coming up still. So there's Shipan uh Insanus, which I I still think I'm pronouncing incorrectly. uh that's happening on August 19th in California. And then there's one in Melbourne with the Melbourne Cocoa Heads Group on August 20th. And then there's one in uh I'm going to mispronounce that as well. Bar bearing. I don't know why I do this to myself. Uh but that's in Colombia with the Avi uh group. Um so those are the kind of latest ones coming up. I think the the excitement around these events is starting to spread because uh we've been getting a lot more coming inbound and new uh new events are popping up like very regularly. So keep your eye on our schedule because we've got even more even more popping up. Um and then last thing before we get to the actual event is ROR is joining the ship kit. So a lot of you uh asked about this because you saw that they were one of our sponsors and they were excited to kind of join in. So, we're giving away uh or they're giving away 100 free credits to the first thousand people to claim them. Uh you can learn more about Ror.com and then we want people that are engaged uh in these webinars and stuff to kind of get first dibs. So, we're going to post about these in the Shipon Discord uh at some point today. Keep your eyes out. Matt uh I think is the one who's going to be posting those. And that will have the details on how you can claim them. Um, and then if there are still some left at the end of the week, that'll also be included in the newsletter and everything. So, keep your eye on that. Uh, I know a lot of you were excited to to play with Ror and so they've made that even easier to do. All right. And then I think that was the last one I had. So, I'm going to let Rick take it away from here. And again, I see there's already some questions in there. Uh, please throw us your questions as we go. Rick specifically wants to be interrupted. Uh so that is my job is to bring the questions into him. So take it away, Rick. >> Yeah. Um like like Charles mentioned, uh 10 minutes ago I'm a little bit of an AI maximalist, right? I use AI to tell me how to use AI to tell me how to use AI. And um one of the things I've been doing myself for the last six to nine months is been doing a little bit of vibe coding. I'm not a developer by trade even though I did some like webdev stuff back in the day. And as an AI maximalist, one of the first things I did was use AI to uh ideate or use AI to to come up with ideas for my app. Um, like Charlie mentioned, it's like a uh it's a recurring ask at events. You see it happen in the Discord. We've seen it happen online where people want to participate in Chipoton. Uh they just don't have like an app idea ready. And then hopefully what we're going to do today among some other things is is help you come up with some of those ideas. Um, and to do so, we're going to bring on the machines. I'm going to share a bunch of prompts in the deck and they are long, right? So, don't try to don't try to screen grab them. Uh, this links directly to the deck. You can just copy paste them. Uh, it's way easier. Or just go to the the the short URL at the bottom of this. I'll share it again uh at the end. So first AI for ideation we're gonna cover like three lenses or three three different ways of of finding new ideas using AI. Um, we're going to look at founder fit, which is um finding whatever your unfair advantages um when when building something either because you have very specific skills or you have access to things that other people don't have access to, you have domain expertise. We're going to like look at uh a multi-question intake where the AI will ask you questions and try to like get an idea of what you know and what you're into and use that to suggest ideas. Uh we're going to do some pain mining which is where >> technical term like is that a common term? It's horrifying. >> Yeah. If we just keep saying it, uh, at some point it will be. Um, we're gonna do some pain mining where we pull user pains from reviews, which is a topic we'll we'll dig into even more later on. Uh, but then we cluster that into themes and then a theme gets converted into a small small scale uh, idea. And then lastly, we'll talk about remixing incumbents, which really means, you know, building app for market or purpose. All right, we'll start with founder fit. And this is why I told you to like scan the QR code. I'll share it again at the end. It's very, very, very long. Um, so what we're doing here is we're telling the AI to u run an adaptive interview, which means it's an interview that changes based on the answers I'm giving, right? So we don't actually tell it ask me these 10 questions. We tell it, you know, conduct an interview with the purpose of finding out a couple of things. And um I'll skip ahead one slide real quick because this is what we're trying to uh have it discover. Yeah. Yeah. So don't try to I'm actually reading the comments. I should probably shouldn't uh don't try to read it. There's a QR code at the start. I'll share it again at the end. There's no like you just copy paste, right? Um because the purpose of the interview is filling these seven buckets of understanding where the understanding in this case is the AI's understanding. You want the AI after the interview to understand what is your uh unique experience or domain knowledge. You want it uh to understand whatever interests or hobbies you have that you actually invest real time in. It wants to it it needs to know um what audience or community you have access to already. It needs to know what data or content sources you could legally use that maybe somebody else doesn't have access to. Regions or languages you can serve natively. Uh whatever motivates you and what'll keep you shipping and whatever no-go topics or constraints you have. So things it it should be avoiding and when it it fills those buckets um it is going to synthesize those uh that new knowledge it has about you specifically and create a portfolio of app ideas and essentially going to rank them by founder fit. Right? So, how um suitable are these ideas for me specifically? And then ideally, it's something that you're you're the best person in the world to build. Um all kinds of details, doesn't really matter. You can also just tell it what you know and care about and ask it to generate app ideas based on that. site will take you less time theoretically, but I actually did run one of these interviews before um this uh this live stream a couple of hours ago. Took pretty much 15 minutes to complete, right? And and the danger of you just like typing stuff out is you're going to miss some things that might not be top of mind, right? Because you can actually see me doing this adaptive interview. I used uh GPT 5 thinking mode for this and um for example and this is already like it's question nine, right? So, it is this took 15 minutes, but also you're looking for an app idea that'll make you a million dollars, right? Investing 15 minutes and answering some questions is probably worth the investment. Um, so this is question question nine. I think I told it earlier that um I spent some time in the gym every now and then and it asked me like what are you already using? what is painful in the apps that you already use, right? Um, it dug a little bit deeper on the training or health uh thing where it asked uh what apps and devices are you using? And then it it ended and I think it always ends with this with the the no-go areas, right? where I'm like, well, I can't conflict my my work, but beyond that, just just tell me something. Um, and it produced 10 ideas. I'm not going to run through all of them, um, but, uh, we'll run through a couple. So, Iron Trip is, uh, a strength planner that makes it easy to adjust to whatever equipment your hotel or gym actually has. And I work out a lot and I travel a lot and this is a very very very big frustration for me. Uh I use Fitbot. Fitbot is an amazing app. Uh love it. Been using it for years but whenever I go to a new place configuring Fitbot to understand what equipment is available in that place is a huge pain in the butt. Um, and it figured out that that's something I struggled with and and and told me to to build an app that solves for it. >> Out of curiosity, how did it get like how did it figure out that that was something you struggled with? Is that part of the it's like mining? Like what are you annoyed at with the apps that you're using? Is that where that came from? >> Here you can you can literally see when I told it. Uh, you can literally see when I told it because it asked about, you know, inside strength training because I told it like I work out a lot. Uh, what are workflows or headaches you wish apps would solve better? And I literally told it I use FitBot, but the equipment config is annoying. It's a pain to set up when I travel and I travel a lot. Um, and if you read it like in isolation, it looks like I'm just telling it that this is an app I need, but it interviewed me. Up to the point, >> this is just one of a whole bunch of questions >> where it asked me a question where this was the answer I gave. Right. At the start of this, I wouldn't have said, I'm going to build a workout app specifically for travel. >> Yeah. So, and he gave me a name and it told me some stuff about like the marketing part of it. Um, number idea number three. Again, there are 10. I picked out a couple. Uh, stronger at 44. I'm 44. I think this is probably a little too niche, but like stronger stronger after your 40s or something is actually pretty interesting. Um because having gone to the gym for like over two decades now, it's different, right? It's not like working out in in your 40s is is not the same. Um so building something very specifically for that and it even found me like communities to tap into if I start building something like this. Um, that's interesting, right? And it actually suggests to to connect it to sleep, which is one of the things that I didn't tell it, but I've actually experienced over the the decades where before I could, you know, party all night and then in the morning go to the gym and I'd be fine. Uh, that's that's no longer the case. And quick uh just interjection here uh question from Franklin. Uh he asked what LLM you're using like Gemini, GPT4, Claude and did you test this process with different LLMs? If so, what were the the results? I think you said it was GPT5, but have you tried other LLMs? >> Yeah, this ex the exact same prompt will also work on perplexity. We'll touch on like uh GPT perplexity uh Manis throughout this thing. Um I didn't test this particular process with Manis. I'm I'm pretty sure it would be relatively similar. I think the the thing that I found when I use a bunch of these different tools is that um I really appreciate GPT's ability to connect the dots more so than doing the research part, right? And we'll we'll go into that a little bit later. But when I'm mining for reviews and that kind of thing versus like uh u you know hard work uh it's like volume a lot of search lot of research uh I tend to prefer mass or perplexity but just connect the dots between things uh GPT. >> Sweet. And I also found walk the beast uh because actually one of the questions and I think it might actually be in the prompt. Let me check real quick. Yes. So this is actually a very good the the opening question here. It always opens with this question and after that it kind of becomes adaptive, right? Give me a 60-second week in the life. What do you actually spend time on? Really really brief, right? like it's uh three or four sentences and one of I I think off the top of my head what I told it is like I work I spend time with my kids. I have a lot of kids, right? I have five kids so it knows that because I answered I go to the gym. I walk my ridiculously big dog a lot because otherwise it eats up the house, right? And then I do a lot of reading. Those are the things that I told it in that first prompt and it actually uses that to kind of figure out the rest of the interview. So I told it about the dog and then it it told me to do like uh to build a big dog root planner because like walking a big dog is different than walking a small dog. They need like different things. Um, so like having a big dog walking app to find my routes, uh, log whatever happens along the way. That might be an interesting interesting thing for me to to build. Then moving on. Uh, did we just find out that Rick's need to be muscled up is to carry his exhausted big dog back from too long a walk because the app got a little enthusiastic about the route? Yes. >> So, so actually because the I don't think it's exhausted. It just gets lazy because I run with the dog and then I know it can do more and it just lie down, right? It'll just lie down flat on the street and then I actually do have to pick it up. Um, moving on. Pain mining. Um, so regardless of uh how sticky pain mining is as a term, the the practice itself is pretty useful. So what we're doing is we're using AI to find popular apps and then find user feedback on those popular apps and mine that for varants on those apps or pain points that users that use those apps experience but aren't uh that aren't being addressed. Um, again, not going to go through all of it. The This is a relatively simple one, right? We we literally just configure it with whatever category or type of app we're looking to build, right? So, this can be pretty broad. We tell it whatever market we're looking at and then it'll just literally start gathering up reviews and uh we'll try and find pain themes and for reasons that might have become clear in the previous exercise I asked it to look for like strength training apps or like fitness trackers. I spent a lot of time with those. Um, I ran this in perplexity. Um, this took a little bit of time, right? And it took a little bit of time because it's going through app store pages, it's going to Google Play pages, it's finding reviews, it's gathering all of those up, and then it's like indexing topics. Um, it found user sentiment, right? These are these are just some of the reviews it found. You can see in the prompt that I asked it to also produce a CSV with the reviews it included so that you can actually check if it's not making stuff up. I told it not to make stuff up, right? But that's uh you know not always super effective. So you have the ability to to to validate. So, um I found I found quite a few um reviews and one of the very common themes and this was a little surprising so I checked and it it uh it checks out. A lot of people complain about data reliability, like users losing a ton of workout history. And and again, being one of these people, um, I've used FitBot for like four years now. If my entire FitBot history would be gone, uh, I would be very upset. Um, and yeah, you can see it here, right? I've used this app for a long time. unlocked the tracking and format. Uh for some reason I was logged out session expired had to reset when I logged back everything was gone. There is there are hundreds just in the sample uh that perplexity ran hundreds of reviews complaining about this thing right so data reliability huge issue huge issue um workflow uh workflow friction so people complaining that logging is actually difficult or complex um updates make the app worse uh free versions are too restrictive the apps lag or crash. The rest timer just works weirdly or strangely and uh people complain about things being too expensive. I asked it to pick one, right? So, it actually stack cranked um the things I could build. Uh the thing it suggested I build is a data reliability first workout tracker. um where we have like bulletproof local storage uh do like cloud-based backups uh make sure that the logging is intuitive uh premium pricing is transparent. Sure. Honestly, like as a as a recovering app growth person myself, um this might even be like a premium app where I price it a little higher than I would price other things >> as a way to like signal that this is legit and more trustworthy. >> Yeah. And remember like 28% of negative reviews for these apps were about data reliability. Um it's looked at massive massive strength training at fitness apps. So just the people that have experienced this firsthand is a sizable audience. And if I have >> four years of workout history and you tell me that I pay you a little more, but it is impossible that this will happen to me again, I will gladly pay that. >> That's so interesting because as a me coming at things from the opposite angle, I'm a engineer first that kind of started doing the app and business side of things. I feel like something I had to like unlearn was uh was marketing things based on technology. Like talking about things being solid infrastructure or whatever might sound like a big deal to me, but most customers don't care. But here you sort of realize that at least in this specific niche, there is a way that you could be marketing that exact thing. The trick is you have to make sure that in all of your marketing you're finding who that audience is somehow which maybe you'll get into later. >> Yeah. And I mean um with this prompt and and really with all of them um I would take it as a kicking off point, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. Good point. >> This was this was relatively broad. I can actually com combine some of the output of the previous prompt and this prompt to say, "Hey, um, I've now discovered that I'm uniquely qualified to build an app for dog walking." So now find the biggest dog walking apps and keep the rest of it intact. go and mind the reviews for those dog walking apps and and figure out what functionality it's missing. And then I'm uniquely qualified to build it, right? Because we did the first prompt and there's an unmet customer paying which we've learned from the second uh prompt. >> And uh Andy Dent just asked uh and I'm curious about this too. Have you found perplexity dramatically better for the pain or joy mining the app stores because of its web access versus like chatp or some of the other ones >> versus chppp? Yes. Um versus like something like manis which we'll we'll use a little bit. I'm a little bit of a manis fanboy. I use I use chat gp well I have a t-shirt here somewhere. Um, I use chat GPD for a lot of like the day-to-day stuff, but when it's like mining for information and then especially mining for information and turning that into like a digestible report or >> Yeah. >> then then Nanis is amazing. We'll we'll look at we'll look at >> that seems to be one of Yeah. its expertise is is turning that information into something digestible in a different way. Um, >> interesting. Um so pain mining and then uh lastly rem remixing an incumbent. Um so there's a prompt here right there's a prompt here where um we're asking the AI to give us you know variance on an incumbent for a specific niche that we could theoretically build. Um, but actually it's just the the the thing that works best here is app for wherever you live. And it's like it's a famous plot point in the the Silicon Valley HBO show where uh the Chinese guy that lives in the hacker house keeps building Chinese versions of big US apps. And and the thing is that works, right? uh if you if you do it well and if you pick your markets right, it works. And >> as long as where you live isn't the Bay Area in California, >> isn't isn't the Bay Area. And yeah, a good example and and this will be familiar to Charlie because we we talked to and about these folks in Tokyo two weeks ago. Uh Kelsey is really just Kelly for Japan, right? And because people in Japan eat differently and um have different requirements of app UX and UI, just building a a localized version for a market like that just makes a ton of sense. So works for a lot of markets. Uh especially interesting Japan huge per user spend. Um and they care a lot about local nuance, right? The audience there cares a lot about local nuance. So you building a Japanese version of an app uh uh matters, right? They'll use that over a US version. uh South Korea very similar but very uh heavily skewed to Android. Interestingly enough, if you build for Android in South Korea, people will spend on those Android phones uh like they do on uh iOS devices elsewhere, right? So, they monetize they monetize. United Kingdom is interesting because it's like a high LTV mature market, but everybody just launches their US app in the UK and pretends the UK and the US are the same. They're not the same. Like, culturally, they're not the same. So, building an actual like UK version of uh of an app in some cases might make sense. Germany large paying audience uh build a privacy focused version of whatever works somewhere else. Saudi Arabia uh high growth market like people are spending a lot more uh continuously like there's a lot of growth there again local nuance very very important India huge audience does require lean apps uh localized content in India taring plans is important and taring is like low-end high-end right Um because there's a lot of like range in how affluent people are. You want to make it possible for people that can't pay you a little to pay you a little, people that pay can pay you a lot to to pay you a lot. >> India also has unique uh subscription laws, right? >> So subscriptions are sometimes it's better there to do uh like passes or something because I I think there's rules where they can't even auto renew people anyway like Apple and Google can't. Is that right? Still >> I'm not entirely >> I know there's a bunch of unique >> specific there's specific >> but that's true for a lot of markets right it's also true for South Korea for example where >> when you offer somebody a free trial the moment the free trial converts to a paying one even if you explicitly told them ahead of time they need to opt in again right which means that actually there's no such thing as an automatically converting trial in Korea. Um, Indonesia, massive audience, very very young apps need to be like Mexico. Uh, you know, if you want to go into LAM, especially if you have something that works in the US, uh, that's a good market to get started. And France is like Germany but French. All right. um second part of the uh the stream we're going to look at AI for competitive intelligence. So here we are assuming that uh you already have an app idea maybe you've already built an app um and you want to do that because your competitor's customers are uh provide a wealth of information. you know, all those apps for reviews, they're they're public. Uh people will tell uh talk about what they hate. They'll talk about what they want. I literally just pulled a random example from Dualingo where you can see that somebody's asking for homophones. Homophones are like words that sound the same, but they're written differently. And in Dualingo, support for that is like messy, which is interesting if you're learning to speak English because English has a lot of homophones. Uh so building something that very specifically supports that uh might make sense but it's very overwhelming right especially if you're targeting big apps. Big apps have hundreds of thousands millions of reviews. Uh takes you a lot of time to manually analyze. So people just don't do it. That's where the AI comes in. We're going to ask the AI to find competitors. We're going to tell it to then collect user feedback from the stores or Reddit or wherever it can find it really. We're going to tell it to analyze the feedback, extract feature ideas, marketing angles uh from that customer feedback and then it's actually on us to take action. Right? What I've used for this demo specifically is Manis. Talked about it earlier. Um, you could do this with CH GBT Deep Research. You could do it with Perplexity. The thing I like about Manis is that it'll just create a massive trove of documents. Um, and um, all of it like super actionable. I analyzed two apps. was going to do like a uh very optimistically online claimed I was going to do like four or five but actually took a lot of time and this is taking a lot of time so I did two first of all we did uh Zenter uh Zenter is a a privacy first fitness companion actually how I found these apps is that I literally just asked people on X to share their apps and then I didn't even select to I had the AI select two because you know you're either an AI maximalist or you're not right. Um so Zenter privacy first fitness companion the top four competitors it found we'll see the prompt later. Right. So this like I'm teasing the prompt. Um we configured the prompt to only find four. These are the four it found. Found auto sleep which is very very strong in sleep tracking. I use auto sleep. It's a good app. Uh Strava, we all know Strava leads social fitness. Athletic, which is AI powered recovery coaching. And recovery coaching is like you've worked out and how do you rest and when are you ready to go hard again, right? and and my fitness pal is I think broadly known probably the biggest one in this space. Um, what you'll see in the prompt later is that we ask the AI to calculate a proximity score. And the proximity score is how similar is this app's audience to my audience? Not how similar is this app to my app, how similar is this app's audience to my audience? Because we actually care about the audience because audience are the ones that leave the reviews. Um so autosleep audience is actually the most simple one. Um so autosleep found all these reviews min them for insights found these strengths right. Um people like that data is not being collected. People like that it just works with no setup and people like that it's a one-time purchase because autosleep uh famously does not do subscriptions. Some weaknesses uh it's it's very limited, right? It's literally just sleep tracking. Doesn't tell you what to do to make it better. It just tells you how you slept. Um, and in the reviews we found that users actually want more than that sleep data. They want something actionable, right, to help make them better. And um, you know, there's a very good review score. Uh, but by the from the negative reviews that the AI could find, people found it confusing. And again, using this app myself every single day, I can confirm that it's a little confusing. uh to the degree that at one point I thought it had um I thought it had recorded sleep where it actually hadn't recorded sleep. It just like the UI tried to tell me that it didn't have a connection to my watch and I didn't understand that from the UI. So I sent a message to the app builder and he went berserk. He was so upset that I didn't understand what the UI was trying to do and he apologized later. But before that, he like tore me a new one. Um, so yeah, good app, little complex. Uh, uh, the builder short fuse. Don't don't send him emails with the criticisms. He doesn't like that. Then Straa massive community. uh people actually talk about the athlete intelligence, right? So everything here is pulled from reviews. I'm not telling it anything. It's not pulling it from the app store pages. Is literally looking at what what are people saying about the app. Um weaknesses pretty interesting. Uh major private privacy concerns. Um, so Shrava famously had some like scandals where it was leaking the location of like embassy staff and those kind of things and um that just found its way into the reuse. So people are actively complaining about Shrava's uh privacy and data practices. athletic. Um, people like the fact that it's very very good at helping you figure out how to uh optimize your HRV, your heart rate variance, which is, you know, if you're like a sports person is a a good measure of um your condition, right? Um people like the data not collected privacy stance. They like the heart monitoring, the sophisticated recovery insights. Uh people mention the fact that it overindexes on HRV, right? It doesn't actually look at much else. Uh it requires an Apple Watch for almost anything to work and it's very targeted at serious athletes, which is a niche audience. Um, it's interesting that it it pulled out the subscription model as a weakness because actually if you build a niche app and you're targeting at serious athletes, for the love of God, charge more than 3.99 a month, there's a very high intent uh audience, right? Like um serious athletes invest a lot of money into the practice. So you can you can ask them to pay you. And then lastly, My Fitness Pal. Uh huge food database, strong brand recognition, a lot of device integrations, right? So if you use My Fitness Pal, it'll work with your watch, with your scale, with your bike, with everything. Um the weakness is people find my spell very complex, and it is because it tries to do everything under the sun. Um, a lot of data being collected and shared with whoever. Um, a lot of core features being paywalled, which people don't like, and a lot of like intrusive advertising. So, took over 1,600 reviews, which keep in mind is that is still a sample, right? because collectively these apps have millions of uh reviews. Still a sample I I pulled in some of the examples I found, right? So this is very much about my fitness bell. It's trying to be good at everything and it needs some help. Um this is >> to your question about the the sample. It can you ask it to only look at like recent reviews? Is that something that >> in you'll see you'll see that we actually time box it and you can make the time. >> Yeah, that makes sense. you can make that time back what box whatever it needs to be. Um so people talking about things being confusing and inaccurate. Uh people complain about the data sharing about the payw wall. So these are the topics like the top level topics they found. Uh privacy security concerns people don't really like subscriptions or at least like in their in the reviews people don't like subscriptions. Uh people find it too complex and people complain about lack of a focused feature set where that's very much a my fitness pal thing which is also like the elephant in the room. If you're doing health and fitness it's the biggest thing out there. It's trying to do a lot of things and if you only care about a small part of that feature set u my fitness bell is not it's not a great option. So how does that translate into opportunities for Zenter? uh when you do the AI health uh suggestions or the AI coaching try and use ondevice AI so you bypass the data privacy convert uh concerns uh do adaptive coaching where start simple and you add complexity over time add recovery for uh or yeah add connections between recovery and performance, right? Because if you're tracking sleep and you're tracking fitness performance and you can connect the dots between those two, you can tell people, hey, sleep more because then you perform better. And then offering alternatives to monthly billing. Um, interesting thing we found. So, in addition to marketing for Revenue Cat, I also run customer success, which means I talk to a lot of the bigger apps. And um people will say that you make less money on Google Play, which is sure, it's true, but it's also mostly a consequence of people not monetizing Google Play correctly. uh because in a lot of locations the Google Play audience isn't so much less willing to pay as they are less willing to pay on a recurring basis. In a lot of places you can charge people the exact same thing you were going to charge them for their subscription but just sell it as like a season pass or whatever non-recurring format you think of. And then once they paid you once, maybe try to upsell them to a subscription, but yeah, I mean, you can get creative here, right? Uh not everything needs to default to a monthly subscription. On the marketing side, when we're targeting Straa, lean into the the private AI part when we're targeting autosleep, connect sleep to recovery, connect sleep to coaching. uh position ourselves as an Apple Watch sleep specialist and whenever a privacy scandal erupts around one of these fitness apps, double down, right? Like uh immediately respond. On the app store optimization side, you know, think of keywords like Apple Watch sleep AI coach, autosleep alternative with AI coaching, private fitness app, data not collected, sleep intelligence, recovery coaching, privacy first AI fitness, those kind. Then the second app we did this for is Mercury Weather. It's like a minimalist cross Apple uh weather app. >> I don't know if you realize this, but uh the creators of this Malin and Kai are the ones who host Core Coffee, the Vancouver Shipan IRL meetup that we talked about earlier. I didn't >> literally let the AI decide, right? So they need to thank Chad Gupty. Uh I have no have no say in the matter. Um, top four competitors it found the weather channel, my radar, weather bug, acue weather. I mean, it's interesting. I had I didn't realize that weather apps were this big cuz like each of these apps is huge. Um, weather channel has the highest similarity in target market. Again, we'll see the prompt a little bit later. or so then it'll become a bit more clear how how it determines these things for the weather channel. Very comprehensive feature set, strong brand recognition. Uh people complain a lot about the ads. Uh it's always fun when it pulls out like these direct user quotes as possibly the worst app I've ever downloaded. Uh which not it's not what you want to hear. uh major accuracy issues and false rain alerts and uh people complain about like a cluttered interface with performance problems. Then my radar uh kind of does what it says on the tin, right? People like the fact that it's uh has great radar accuracy. Uh but the learning curve is very very steep. It doesn't just tell you what the weather's going to be. Um people complain about the widget reliability. Uh limited international support which is if you think back a couple of uh of slides means that there's probably an opportunity for a my radar for whatever market. >> Yeah. I I don't know if you found this with the weather, but uh one of the things I always ask whenever I travel somewhere is I ask a local person, what is the app everyone here uses? Uh because it does seem like certain places especially have very specific niche apps uh for that work better in their region. >> Yeah, I don't prepare anything in my life that well. >> No, never considered doing that. But that makes sense. uh weather bug, uh really good in lightning detection. Apparently, that's a thing people care about. Uh people complain a lot about battery drain, uh a lot of tracking and privacy concerns. Performance problems, which probably relates to the battery drain thing, right? They're they're doing something uh they're doing something interesting there. People complain about the Apple Watch synchronization and and people complain about the popups, which is uh ads. This is this is occurring to me now. Sorry to interrupt again, but like uh it would be interesting if like if you on that previous one you mentioned the lightning detection. I happen to know because my wife's a teacher that that's like a really big deal for her because it like determines can we have outside recess today or not is like is there lightning in a certain range or whatever. Mhm. >> It would be really interesting to like if you look at one of these weakness sections and you say, "Oh, that's something I could focus on." >> If you follow up with, "Was this Manis was that you were using for this one?" >> Yeah. >> If you could follow up and say, "Hey, find everybody who complained about this and see if you can parse out who those people are because I bet you a lot of them in the review say, "I'm a football coach and uh this is really important for that. I'm a teacher and this is really important for that." And that would help you build out like how to find those customers if you're going to focus in on that area. >> Yeah. And um Oh, I didn't >> talk about not being uh overly prepared for things, right? Like I made this deck five minutes before this. like the last I think three minutes before we started I quote unquote finished the deck but I obviously didn't finish the deck like this is just the wrong screenshot. Uh it's very much it's very much acue weather. Uh it's very much acue weather. So yeah. No, the AI didn't pick up the screenshots. I added those manually. The AI didn't produce the deck. That's like that was still a human. >> That was Rick's GPT. >> That was Rick's GPT. Yeah. And this is why you want the AI to do it, right? Because Rick GPT messed it up. Um, so but this is Acue weather, right? I'm holding my hand over the part of the screen that that doesn't make sense, >> right? Nobody can see it because you're black. >> So, uh, Acue, uh, people like the minute-by-minut forecasts, strong B brand recognition, a lot of ads. That seems like a recurring theme, right? A lot of ads. Um people complain that the the trials don't properly convert. Um people perceive it as it being less accurate and people complain about the the widget design not not being where it should be. So again with the the user sentiment analysis um yeah download the free version and try it out. It's pos possibly the worst app I've ever downloaded. It's not great. Um, the temperatures close to my home are wrong. Uh, they updated the app and have used a font that nobody likes and can read. Inaccuracies become much worse. So the the recurring topics again um forecast inaccuracy and and issues with the the alerts excessive ads performance issues Apple Watch integration failures interestingly enough and and we didn't dig into it a lot but if you review the the actual reviews that comes back in multiple apps that actually the Apple Watch integration isn't where it should be and uh people complain consistently across really all of these apps that the the UIUX is too complex. So what can we do? We can go hyper local, right? Actually actually say, "Hey, we're going to be the best weather app for the Midwest. We want to have a seamless Apple Watch integration." Uh yeah the the AI this is written by the AI right? This is just a copy paste copy paste job. Um it was found to be a universal pain point. Literally every competitor had user complaints that the Apple Watch integration was failing. Um want to have an adfree experience. simplifying trip forecasting, which is an interesting one, right? Because if you travel a lot, forecasting what the weather looks like as you're traveling is very specific specific use case. And >> and that's actually a feature of Mercury. Um I believe they introduced last year if I'm remembering correctly. Anyway, so I wonder if it picked up on that or if it's just uh recommending it. it it should have recommended it based on user reviews for other apps, right? So, it seems like it fills a need and then as an app growth person, that's a thing that I would double down on. >> Yeah. >> Um, on the marketing side, counter positioning versus the Weather Channel. Uh, the weather channel, uh, biggest game in town, adheavy, clunky, to not be clunky, to not stuff your app with ads. Um, whether without the noise, again, you know, counter positioning against all the clutter in other apps, whether that actually works on Apple Watch messaging. And that sounds obvious, right? like it it it should work and that should be the user expectation. But if you have competitors that all have acquired millions if not tens of millions of users and they've all had a shitty Apple Watch experience and you do not have shitty Apple Watch experience, you explicitly telling everybody, hey, our Apple Watch experience is not shitty is good and probably effective. >> Yeah. It's not just a check box in your marketing. It's like literally I think even just the word that actually works uh does a lot of work there where it's like yeah we get it. We hear you. We also agree that these other ones they don't work well. >> Then um you know doing content on accuracy and comparing accur accuracy to other apps and positioning yourself as privacy first. Partly this has to do with the ads, right? Because like everybody else is doing ads and ads actually require you to gather a ton of data because otherwise the ad is just not going to be effective. Um, so that's a very difficult thing for an ad supported app to counter. Then on the app store optimization accurate weather app sounds obvious, right? But this is something people will type in after they've grown frustrated with an app being inaccurate. Add free weather app. Same story. Apple watch weather channel alternative hyper local weather. Minimalist weather. Uh all those are are things to explore. Then the prompt that made all of it possible. It's in two parts. I'll I'll explain what's happening here. So, we ran this on Manis. Manis has this like wide research feature where it'll just try and find way more information. Um, and we're explicitly telling it to do that. Recency 12 months, which is, you know, as to Charlie's earlier point, if we wanted to just look at the last month, which when we're targeting this big of a category, probably the last month is recent enough and the volume is going to be enough for you to actually see something interesting. Um, this is where we give the AI context, right? So, what should it know? This is the target app. This is whatever you need to know about the target app. This is where we're targeting uh or the market we're targeting with our app at. Then, we're giving it an objective. What do we want the AI to achieve? uh we wanted to give exhaustive so like a lot uh datadriven insights that the app can use to build and market against its biggest competitors specifically based on competitor user feedback then because a lot of this falls and stands does that translate falls and stands >> no falls and stands >> like it's like a Dutch saying, um, it'll succeed or fail. That makes more sense. >> Ah, okay. >> Uh, it'll succeed or fail by how relevant the competitors are, right? So, we actually spend a little bit of time here to tell it exactly how we want it to find those competitors. And that's the proximity scoring we're talking about. We're telling it to be store first, right? So, actually, when you try to determine who my competitors are, look at the app stores first because otherwise what'll happen is it'll like do a Google search and there'll be the 10 best weather apps and it'll use that list to determine who my competitors are. We wanted to base it off of the store first. Um, we're giving it some seed keywords to look for based on what the app is, but um it'll do like it'll expand on that naturally. We wanted to capture organic results on iOS and Android. Uh iOS and Android. We wanted to pull from you might also like in similar apps. Um we wanted to I don't know why the AI told us to do this but exclude regional only government portals. Apparently that's a thing. And this is where the proximity score happens, right? Uh it weighs for the store rank, then it weighs for feature overlap, then it weighs for design similarity, and it weighs for pricing model overlap. So the more similar an app is in all those categories, the higher the proximity score is going to be and the bigger uh the bigger of a competitor the AI will determine it to be. And it'll it'll need to prove that with store links, rank snapshots, discovery links, and only use aggregators as a tertiary source. Right? So go to the stores first. So it found some competitors. Now we're going to tell it exactly what to do. When you write a prompt like this, you don't actually always want to tell the AI exactly what to do. Right? In a lot of cases, the AI can actually figure that out better than you can do it yourself. But this is a very very speicular particular type of task and we know pretty well how it should be solved. So produce the competitors pull hundreds of reviews from the app stores and Reddit, cluster likes and dislikes with uh quotes, capture the competitor store messaging, pricing and trials, and then score opportunities and map those to my product roadmap, marketing and app store optimization. And then here we tell it in what format it should answer. want an executive summary. Want a competitor snapshot table. We want it to give us insights per competitor highlighting strength and weaknesses. We want broad user sentiment analysis for the whole market including reviews per topic. And then we want separate opportunity docs for product marketing and app store optimization and a CSV with the actual reviews. That's the prompt. So the TLDDR there is that we tell it find the competitors find negative review negative reviews or reviews for those competitors and then mine those reviews for useful insights. All of that including the prompts that were very very long and in a very small font you can find here. So you can either scan the QR code just go to rev.cat catai ship and then apparently we do more of these. We we do do more of these uh before I uh uh pitch you know our next webinar. There is one more question I kind of wanted to to get in here even though I know we're a little over on time. uh which Franklin was asking would analyzing user reviews for pain points risk falling into the faster horse trap? Like are you just going to focus too much on on feedback to just build what the user wants instead of actually understanding what it is that they want behind it? >> Um I don't know that a faster horse is bad, >> right? That's yeah >> some because somebody sure somebody needed to build a car but also a lot of people sold faster horses right because we're not we're not looking to build the new Apple we're looking for you know an idea we can build that we know solves a need however small the need is actually smaller is better like more specific is better because then it's going to make it easier for us to find those people and say hey that pain you complained about. I I built a thing. Um I don't think that that's bad, right? I wouldn't, you know, wouldn't try to build a trillion dollar company off of the back of this. Um but that's not what we're doing, right? We're looking for an app idea, something we can conceivably build during Shipaton, ship it, make some money, uh, help some people get ourselves up on a billboard on Time Square, that's that's what we're looking to do. >> Yeah. And I think like what if you I if you're doing sentiment analysis on horses, sure, there's going to be a bunch of negative reviews that are saying, uh, this horse isn't fast enough. But I bet more of the negative reviews are things like this horse keeps getting distracted by everything that it sees. You need to look at that as the, you know, the product designer, developer, or whatever, and be like, "All right, there's a problem somebody has. What can we do to solve it?" And then you invent, you know, blinders for a horse, uh, or or a better saddle or a better whatever. But really what you're looking for is what is the most popular thing that everybody already knows that they want because this market has already been proven. Find the pain points and sort of piggyback off of that work. Because if you invent the car, you have to explain to people what a car is and do a massive amount of work to explain to that audience what it is, why they want it, why it's worth all the risks, all of that stuff. Like there kind of different, you know, problems, but you can make a lot of money in either one of those. Yeah. Yeah. And I I think the horse the horse analogy is an interesting one, right? Um where you know it's also this is a kicking off point, right? Uh it's also on you to actually think about ways to address the things people are complaining about. If actually the biggest problem with horses um I don't remember where I saw this but like horse poo in big cities was an incredible issue like who is >> poo is funny obviously but if you have like where all transportation happens with horses it's just going to be covered in horse poo right so people complain about horse poo and then you need to think about ways to solve that and like horse diapers Sure. Um, you could do repeat sales with horse diapers, which is interesting, right? Like the Gillette disposable razor thing. Uh, but I think also like at some point you would you would come to the conclusion that maybe you got rid of the horse, >> right? This is taking the greatest ever. >> Uh, all right. So, uh, I have gotten a question that is the greatest transition ever. So you can go to that that last slide now and I'll just ask this question based on what you presented here. How can we find the best pricing strategy? Is it different from app store to Google play? Would you give us more details about that? In fact, that is literally what our next uh webinar is about. Uh so uh David Barnard is going to join me on Thursday and we're going to talk about deciding when and how much to charge for your app. So, we'll go in. Uh, if you don't know David Barnard, he is a growth advocate here and he hosts the Sub Club podcast and has spent an enormous amount of time talking to growth experts and app developers uh about topics exactly like this. So, we're going to kind of just jump into the deep end and have a conversation about uh pricing strategies and monetization for your apps. So, I think uh I think we'll leave that as the cliffhanger for this one. And uh thank you everybody for joining and for all the questions. And Rick, thank you for jumping in. Uh fresh off of your long Asian tour that you've been on. Um this was awesome and I'm really glad to have this in a recorded way I can share with you. >> All right, this was fun, folks. Uh if you have follow-up questions, reach out to us on the social stuff. I'm in the Discord, the Shipton Discord. That's a good time. I'm on X or just tag revenue and uh and and I'll find you. >> Awesome. Thank you everybody. See you Thursday.